News Summaries - Generated on 2025-10-10 19:22:20
================================================================================

[AAPL] AMD, HOOD, IREN And More: 5 Stocks That Dominated Investor Buzz This Week - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Retail investors were confident that the stock has more room to run, despite its stellar performance during the week.
Source: RedditThe stock had a 52-week range of $76.48 to $240.10, trading around $231 to $233 per share, as of the publication of this article.
Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings showed that the stock had a stronger price trend in the short, medium, and long terms, with a poor value ranking.
Source: RedditThe stock had a 52-week range of $23.00 to $153.86, trading around $151 to $153 per share, as of the publication of this article.
Meanwhile, retail investors were chasing short-term growth and hoping it climb to $70 from the current stock price.

[AAPL] Trump's Trade War Gambit: Why America May Lose More Than China in Tariff Escalation - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) , ASML Holding  ( NASDAQ:ASML ) : Markets immediately reacted, with the S&P 500 dropping 1.56% and the Nasdaq falling 2.05% as Wall Street absorbed the escalation.
But here’s the uncomfortable truth emerging from economic models: America may suffer deeper economic damage than China from the very tariffs Trump is threatening to impose.
Economic models predict the tariff escalation could slash U.S. GDP growth by 1.5-2% annually, effectively wiping out most economic expansion.
Apparel retailers like Target Corp. (NYSE:TGT) and Walmart Inc. (NYSE:WMT) face 10-20% price increases on clothing and consumer goods.
European companies face collateral damage from the escalating U.S.-China conflict.

[AAPL] Lumentum Invests Big In Thailand To Fuel AI Chip Future - Lumentum Holdings  ( NASDAQ:LITE ) : Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ:LITE) announced plans to invest 2.3 billion baht ($70.3 million) to expand its production capacity in Thailand.
Stock PerformanceLumentum’s stock has soared 82% in 2025, demonstrating significant outperformance against the S&P MidCap 400, which has returned about 5.5% this year.
The EPS of 88 cents compared to the analyst consensus of 80 cents and revenue of $480.7 million, topped the projected $465.8 million.
CEO Michael Hurlston highlighted robust demand across the company’s cloud products, supporting AI data centers.
On September 15, during the “Mad Money Lightning Round” on CNBC, Jim Cramer recommended selling half of Lumentum stock.

[AAPL] 2 Stocks to Watch From the Prospering Computer Industry: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] Insights Into Apple's Performance Versus Peers In Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Sector - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In this article, we will perform an extensive industry comparison, evaluating Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in relation to its major competitors in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry.
With a relatively high Price to Sales ratio of 9.39 , which is 2.63x the industry average, the stock might be considered overvalued based on sales performance.
The Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) of $31.03 Billion is 86.19x above the industry average, highlighting stronger profitability and robust cash flow generation.
Key TakeawaysFor Apple in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry, the PE ratio is low compared to peers, indicating potential undervaluation.
In terms of ROE, EBITDA, gross profit, and revenue growth, Apple demonstrates strong performance compared to its industry peers, reflecting robust financial health and growth potential.

[AAPL] World's Smartest Banker Sees 30% Chance of Stock Market Correction but Here Is What He Is Not Telling You - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Correction TriggerPlease click here for a chart of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) which represents the benchmark stock market index S&P 500 (SPX).
Note the following:The chart shows the stock market is way above the 200 day moving average (shown in yellow).
Here are the key points from what Dimon is saying: Dimon thinks the chance of a correction is much higher than what is generally believed.
Dimon says that if others think the chance of a correction is 10%, he thinks the chance of correction is 30%.
In our analysis, here is what is very important that Dimon is not saying: Dimon represents smart money, but the stock market is controlled by the momo crowd.

[AAPL] Google Designated Strategic Player In UK Search, Ad Market - Alphabet  ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) : The UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) designated Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google with strategic market status (SMS) in general search and advertising services after confirming that the company ticked off the legal criteria.
Also Read: Google Reveals $6.8 Billion UK AI Drive As Trump Lands For High-Stakes TalksThe CMA confirmed that Google dominates general search and advertising, giving it a strategic position in the UK market where it handles over 90% of searches.
In April, the UK filed a 5 billion pounds ($6.6 billion) class-action lawsuit against Google, for allegedly exploiting its dominant position in online search to inflate ad prices and suppress competition.
This action follows years of regulatory scrutiny, including a 2020 UK market study showing Google controlled 90% of the search ad market and a pending EU antitrust penalty over Android practices.
In September, the European Commission fined Google 2.95 billion euros ($3.46 billion) for abusing its dominant position in online display advertising.

[AAPL] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: A push higher could lift price into 672.65, with continued momentum driving toward 673.80 and 674.95.
If strength persists, SPY may extend into 676.10 and 677.25 as traders look to squeeze additional gains before the weekend.
A lift above could send price into 254.45 and 255.40, with continued strength pushing toward 256.35.
Continued strength may bring 196.80 into play, with a bullish stretch carrying toward 197.85 and 198.95.
A move higher could target 437.10 and 438.65, with continued strength pushing into 440.25.

[AAPL] Why Is Qualcomm Stock Falling Friday? - Qualcomm  ( NASDAQ:QCOM ) : Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) stock dropped on Friday after reports indicated China has launched an antitrust investigation into the company’s recent acquisition of Israeli firm Autotalks.
In August 2023, the European Commission urged Qualcomm to obtain European Union antitrust approval before completing its acquisition of Autotalks.
In February 2024, the U.K.’s Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) initiated a formal investigation into Qualcomm’s acquisition of Autotalks, citing concerns related to antitrust.
Qualcomm stock has gained around 8% year-to-date, lagging behind the Nasdaq 100 index’s close to 20% returns, weighed down by lackluster smartphone demand, tariff uncertainties, and the looming loss of its business with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).
Price Action: Qualcomm stock was trading lower by 1.30% to $163.50 premarket at last check Friday.

[AAPL] Should iShares Nasdaq Top 30 Stocks ETF  ( QTOP )  Be on Your Investing Radar?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] Warren Buffett's AI Bets: 24% of Berkshire Hathaway's $304 Billion Stock Portfolio Is Held in These 2 Artificial Intelligence  ( AI )  Growth Stocks: While it's likely he was encouraged by one or more of his lieutenants to do so, Buffett recently added more than a little bit of artificial intelligence (AI) technology exposure to Berkshire Hathaway's holdings.
Both outfits are mostly just using AI to improve efficiency and curb costs, though, parsing mountains of digital minutiae that would otherwise be too overwhelming to manually handle.
AI isn't exactly transforming their businesses or products, and as such, neither name is being counted as Buffett-owned AI stock.
It wasn't always an AI stock, either.
Buffett's other AI stock is Amazon (AMZN -4.97%), although it's a considerably smaller position.

[AAPL] Irving Azoff Slams YouTube For Paying Artists Just One-Fifth Of What Spotify And Apple Do: '...Nobody Stands Up To Them' - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : On Thursday, Irving Azoff hurled allegations at YouTube, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc.'s (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google.
He accused the platform of bullying tactics and paying creators less than companies like Spotify Inc. (NYSE:SPOT), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).
Irving Azoff Calls YouTube The ‘Classic Definition Of A Monopoly'During a conversation with Bloomberg's Lucas Shaw, Azoff, CEO of The Azoff Company and a key figure in the music industry, criticized YouTube.
Azoff, whose Global Music Rights organization has previously clashed with YouTube over royalty payments, claimed the company underpays for music content compared to other streaming platforms like Apple Music, Spotify and Amazon Music.
In August, YouTube struck a distribution deal with Fox Corp. (NASDAQ:FOXA) to keep Fox Sports, Fox News and other channels on YouTube TV after tense carriage negotiations.

[AAPL] 5 Monster Stocks to Hold for the Next 20 Years: If you want to buy tech stocks that you can comfortably hold for the next two decades, you need to find companies with wide moats and the ability to adapt.
Alphabet also branched out into cloud computing, and built YouTube into a massive global platform.
The unmatched diversity of its product offerings and its ability to quickly get goods to its customers have provided it with a wide moat.
It also gave birth to the cloud computing industry with its launch of Amazon Web Services (AWS).
It shifted from a boxed-software company to a software-as-a-service (SaaS) company with Microsoft 365, and has also become a cloud computing leader with Azure.

[AAPL] Stock Split Watch: Is This Magnificent Seven Stock  ( That's Never Done a Split )  Next?: All of the Magnificent Seven stocks -- except one -- have this in common: They've each completed at least one stock split at some point in time.
So, a stock split doesn't change anything fundamental, but it does help bring a soaring stock price back down to Earth.
Though a stock split on its own isn't a reason to buy a particular player, investors still keep a close eye on potential stock split candidates.
And that's why, right now, it's logical to wonder if the one Magnificent Seven company that's never done a split might be next on the list... Let's consider the possibility.
Following this stock price momentum, and some of these players have chosen to complete a stock split.

[AAPL] Prediction: These 4 Artificial Intelligence  ( AI )  Stocks Will Be Worth More Than $7 Trillion by 2030: In fact, I predict that at least four artificial intelligence (AI) stocks will be worth more than $7 trillion by 2030.
The giant GPU maker is already the world's highest-valued company with a market cap of $4.5 trillion.
Over the last five years, Nvidia's market cap and share price have soared roughly 1,250%.
Worries that generative AI would present an existential threat to Google Search were overblown.
First, it must beef up its generative AI capabilities.

[AAPL] Stock Market Today: Markets Pull Back From Records as Gold Retreats and Investors Take Profits: Stocks slipped Monday as investors took profits after record highs, while gold retreated from its historic $4,000 level.
Data by YChartsThe S&P 500 (^GSPC -2.71%) fell 0.28% to 6,735.11 on Monday, while the Nasdaq Composite(^IXIC -3.56%) slipped 0.08% to 23,024.62.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI -1.90%) declined 0.52% to 46,358.42, as investors took profits following last week's record-setting rally.
After soaring above $4,000 per ounce for the first time, gold prices edged lower and traders booked gains.
With markets near all-time highs, investors appear content to consolidate as they await new economic data.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[AAPL] Franklin Street Advisors Dumps Salesforce Shares as AI Competition Heats Up: Franklin Street Advisors disclosed in a Thursday regulatory filing that it sold Salesforce shares in an estimated $19.6 million transaction during the third quarter.
What HappenedAccording to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing released Thursday, Franklin Street Advisors sold 77,826 shares of Salesforce (CRM -1.31%) in the third quarter.
What Else to KnowThe sale reduced the Salesforce stake to just 0.03% of Franklin Street Advisors’ 13F reportable assets under management as of September 30.
Its scale and broad product portfolio reinforce its position in the enterprise software market.
Customer Relationship Management (CRM): Software and strategies used by companies to manage interactions with customers and prospects.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[AAPL] How Is The Market Feeling About Apple Inc? - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Apple Inc's (NYSE:AAPL) short interest as a percent of float has risen 3.95% since its last report.
According to exchange reported data, there are now 118.20 million shares sold short, which is 0.79% of all regular shares that are available for trading.
Short interest is important to track because it can act as an indicator of market sentiment towards a particular stock.
An increase in short interest can signal that investors have become more bearish, while a decrease in short interest can signal they have become more bullish.
Comparing Apple Inc's Short Interest Against Its PeersPeer comparison is a popular technique amongst analysts and investors for gauging how well a company is performing.

[AAPL] China Tightens Rare Earth Controls, TSMC Data Boosts AI Trade - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In the early trade, money flows are positive in Nvidia (NVDA).
In the early trade, money flows are neutral in Alphabet Inc Class C (NASDAQ:GOOG), Meta Platforms Inc (NASDAQ:META), and Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT).
In the early trade, money flows are negative in Apple (Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA).
In the early trade, money flows are neutral in SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) and Invesco QQQ Trust Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ).
Momo Crowd And Smart Money In StocksInvestors can gain an edge by knowing money flows in SPY and QQQ.

[AAPL] Exploring The Competitive Space: Apple Versus Industry Peers In Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In this article, we will carry out an in-depth industry comparison, assessing Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) alongside its primary competitors in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry.
With a relatively high Price to Sales ratio of 9.54 , which is 2.65x the industry average, the stock might be considered overvalued based on sales performance.
With a Return on Equity (ROE) of 35.34% that is 29.55% above the industry average, it appears that the company exhibits efficient use of equity to generate profits.
With a revenue growth of 9.63%, which surpasses the industry average of 7.09%, the company is demonstrating robust sales expansion and gaining market share.
Apple's high ROE, EBITDA, gross profit, and revenue growth reflect strong financial performance relative to industry competitors.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[AAPL] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY)SPY opens at 673.25, with bulls looking to maintain control after a steady grind higher this week.
A strong push above this level could invite a move into 674.45 and 675.65, with follow-through momentum potentially carrying into 676.85.
A hold above this area could push price into 612.40 and 613.55, with further continuation driving toward 614.70.
A push higher could send price into 258.45 and 259.35, with continued momentum bringing 260.25 into play.
A push higher could lead to 245.15 and 246.10, with continued buying extending into 247.05.

[AAPL] Meta, Ray-Ban Target 10 Million AI Glass Production By 2026 - Meta Platforms  ( NASDAQ:META ) : Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META) is positioning itself as a leader in the emerging smart glasses market.
Also Read: Meta To Acquire Rivos To Power AI Ambitions: ReportHe envisions a future where smart glasses, connected, could form massive global communities.
As part of this vision, the company plans to ramp up production of Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses, with annual production expected to reach 10 million units by the end of next year.
Apple is pursuing multiple head-mounted projects, with rollouts expected by 2027, potentially surpassing Meta’s Ray-Ban smart glasses in the process.
META Price Action: Meta Platforms shares are trading lower by 0.17% to $716.65 at publication on Thursday.

[AAPL] AAPL, COST, MA, GE And More In Focus As Quality Stocks Suffer Worst Market Lag Since Dot-Com Bubble - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) , Adobe  ( NASDAQ:ADBE ) : S&P 500 Quality Index Lags Broader Market By Most In 26 YearsAccording to the data pointed out by Jeff Weniger, the Head of Equities at WisdomTree, the S&P 500 Quality Index has lagged the broader S&P 500 by a substantial margin.
This lag is the most pronounced since 1999, a period known for speculative investor behavior that often favored high-growth potential over fundamental strength.
S&P 500 Gains Outpace The Quality IndexPerformance data confirms this trend, showing the Quality Index returned 15.13% over the last six months, while the benchmark S&P 500 surged 23.76% in the same period.
The S&P 500 Quality Index is designed to track 100 stocks from the S&P 500 with the highest “quality score,” which is based on return on equity, accruals, and financial leverage.
Loading... Loading...Read Next:Disclaimer: This content was partially produced with the help of AI tools and was reviewed and published by Benzinga.

[AAPL] Meet America's Newest $1 Trillion Company. Warren Buffett Has Spent $78 Billion Buying Its Stock Since 2018.: When Warren Buffett and his company, Berkshire Hathaway, buy stocks, the market takes notice.
That's why investors will be interested to meet America's newest $1 trillion stock that Buffett has poured more than $78 billion into since 2018.
And this is the stock that Berkshire has purchased tens of billions of dollars' worth through share repurchases.
Since 2018, the company has invested more than $78 billion in Berkshire stock, which helps bring down the company's share count outstanding, giving investors a larger piece of the ownership pie.
It was a big bet that has paid off handsomely, with Berkshire's stock up 132% during the past five years.

[AAPL] Should Vanguard Russell 1000 ETF  ( VONE )  Be on Your Investing Radar?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] Is iShares MSCI ACWI Low Carbon Target ETF  ( CRBN )  a Strong ETF Right Now?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] What's Going On With Taiwan Semiconductor Stock Thursday? - Taiwan Semiconductor  ( NYSE:TSM ) : Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (NYSE:TSM) reported that its consolidated net revenue for September 2025 reached 330.98 billion New Taiwanese dollars, up 31.4% year-over-year.
The September results came amid sustained global demand for advanced semiconductor nodes, particularly in artificial intelligence and high-performance computing segments where the contract chipmaker holds a leading position.
Taiwan Semiconductor stock is up over 54% year-to-date, topping the Nasdaq 100 index’s 20% returns.
Taiwan Semiconductor surged past its 52-week high of $196.72 on Monday, as renewed momentum in AI fueled investor confidence.
The announcement reinforced expectations of massive chip demand across the AI supply chain, benefiting Taiwan Semiconductor, which fabricates the most advanced processors for AMD and Nvidia.

[AAPL] China Tightens Grip On Rare Earth Exports To Protect 'National Security' As Tech Giants Brace For Impact - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) , iShares U.S. Basic Materials ETF  ( ARCA:IYM ) : China tightened its grip on the export of rare earth minerals and related technologies, escalating tensions with Washington ahead of an expected meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping later this month.
MOFCOM said the new measures were intended to "protect its national security and interests" and prevent the "misuse of rare-earth materials in military and other sensitive sectors".
The U.S. has been working to secure its rare earth supply chain and explore alternatives, with economist Craig Shapiro asserting that this situation is fixable at a manageable cost.
Earlier this month, Pakistan shipped its first batch of enriched rare earth elements and critical minerals to the U.S., marking the beginning of a $500 million partnership.
The U.S. government’s direct equity stakes in major miners such as MP Materials Corp (NYSE:MP) have also opened up new opportunities for investors in rare earth and strategic metals ETFs.

[AAPL] Prediction: This Unstoppable Stock Will Join Nvidia, Microsoft, Apple, and Alphabet in the $3 Trillion Club Before 2028: AI chipmaker Nvidia is the frontrunner at $4.5 trillion (as of this writing), regularly climbing to new heights.
iPhone maker Apple is nipping at Microsoft's heels at $3.8 trillion, and search pioneer Alphabet rounds out the top four at $3 trillion.
Amazon's second industry-leading business -- and by far its most important segment -- is Amazon Web Services (AWS), the company's cloud infrastructure services business.
Assuming its P/S remains constant, Amazon would need revenue of roughly $902 billion annually to support a $3 trillion market cap.
If the company achieves that benchmark, it could achieve a $3 trillion market cap as soon as 2028.

[AAPL] Should You Buy Apple Stock Before Oct. 30?: The consumer tech powerhouse will deliver its fiscal 2025 Q4 financials at the end of the month.
Apple is set to report results for its fiscal 2025 fourth quarter (which ended Sept. 27) on Oct. 30.
Apple shares still look expensiveAt a price-to-earnings ratio of 38.9, Apple shares trade at a rich valuation.
This stock doesn't seem like a smart buy today, especially given the company's lack of progress in AI.
Investors who are considering buying Apple should not feel urgency to get in before Oct. 30.

[AAPL] Pay Attention: Musk xAI-Nvidia Circular Deal, Oracle Report Shows Lower Margins on Renting Nvidia GPUs - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In the early trade, money flows are positive in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), NVIDIA Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA), and Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA).
In the early trade, money flows are neutral in Meta Platforms Inc (NASDAQ:META) and Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT).
In the early trade, money flows are negative in Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc Class C (NASDAQ:GOOG).
In the early trade, money flows are positive in SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) and Invesco QQQ Trust Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ).
Momo Crowd And Smart Money In StocksInvestors can gain an edge by knowing money flows in SPY and QQQ.

[AAPL] Market Analysis: Apple And Competitors In Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Industry - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In this article, we will perform a comprehensive industry comparison, evaluating Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) against its key competitors in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry.
The stock's relatively high Price to Sales ratio of 9.48 , surpassing the industry average by 2.73x , may indicate an aspect of overvaluation in terms of sales performance.
The company has a higher Return on Equity (ROE) of 35.34% , which is 29.55% above the industry average.
When examining Apple in comparison to its top 4 peers with respect to the Debt-to-Equity ratio, the following information becomes apparent:In the context of the debt-to-equity ratio, Apple holds a middle position among its top 4 peers.
In terms of ROE, EBITDA, gross profit, and revenue growth, Apple outperforms its industry peers, reflecting strong financial performance and growth potential.

[AAPL] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: If momentum holds, price could continue higher into 674.95, with a bullish extension targeting 676.10.
Continued momentum may drive Apple into 259.55, with a bullish extension carrying toward 260.50.
Each level higher reinforces buyers' commitment to defend trend strength.
A sustained drop here might target 253.85 and 252.90, with continued pressure carrying price into 251.95.
Continued momentum might test 528.70 and 529.90, with further upside toward 531.15.

[AAPL] Meta And Apple Nearing Settlement With EU Lawmakers On Antitrust Cases: Report - Meta Platforms  ( NASDAQ:META ) : Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META) are reportedly close to settling their respective antitrust cases with the European Commission.
This comes after they were collectively fined €700 million ($772 million) in April for violating the EU’s Digital Markets Act.
The potential settlement is seen as a means for the companies to avoid further escalating fines from Brussels.
European officials are hopeful for a feasible solution with Meta after the company’s initial proposed changes were deemed inadequate, the FT reported.
Apple and Meta did not immediately respond to Benzinga’s requests for comment.

[AAPL] Congresswoman Violates STOCK Act With Late Trade Disclosures: Purchases Include Bitcoin ETF - iShares Bitcoin Trust  ( NASDAQ:IBIT ) : Other times, the transactions end up showing losses or are done by spouses or portfolio managers, with Congress members having less insight into why trades were made.
The STOCK Act makes it mandatory for members of Congress to disclose their transactions within 45 days.
A look at the Benzinga Government Trades page shows Biggs recently disclosing multiple transactions dating back to March 2025.
Also included in the disclosure was a transaction from Biggs for buying $100,000 to $250,000 worth of the iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF (NASDAQ:IBIT) on July 9, 2025.
Rep. Lisa McClain (R-Mich.) also disclosed stock transactions late, including a trade of Palantir Technologies (NASDAQ:PLTR), which is up over 600% since the transaction.

[AAPL] AppLovin's Growth Story Remains Intact Despite SEC Inquiry Noise, Analysts Say - AppLovin  ( NASDAQ:APP ) : Applovin Corporation (NASDAQ:APP) shares came under pressure on Monday following a Bloomberg report alleging that the company has been subject to inquiries from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
The report, which offered limited detail on the scope or timing of the investigations, triggered a sharp selloff in the stock.
Analysts project fiscal 2025 revenue of $5.84 billion, up from $4.71 billion in fiscal 2024, and anticipate reaching $8.18 billion in revenue by fiscal 2026.
BTIG values AppLovin based on its 2026E Software EBITDA, applying a 32.5x multiple and adjusting for an estimated $1.6 billion in net cash.
APP Price Action: Applovin shares are enjoying a nice bump, up 8.27% to $635.57 at the time of publication on Tuesday.

[AAPL] Apple's Headset Strategy and Tesla's EV Sales Windfall: I think that's part of the problem that Apple's running up against.
I think I'm more interested in looking at margin change over time than I'm even, revenue growth or earnings growth.
I'm going under, and I'm not sure it's a good thing.
Travis Hoium: You don't think that's going to happen in 12 months?
But, if anything, if you force me not to push, I'm going to take the over.

[AAPL] Gold Preferred Over Dollar; Momentum Traders Eye $5000 Gold; Unprecedented VIX Five-Day Signal - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : For the first time since the creation of VIX, VIX has risen over five consecutive days while S&P 500 has also gained over the five day period.
In the early trade, money flows are positive in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Meta Platforms Inc (NASDAQ:META), and NVIDIA Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA).
In the early trade, money flows are neutral in Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT).
Momo Crowd And Smart Money In StocksInvestors can gain an edge by knowing money flows in SPY and QQQ.
Investors can get a bigger edge by knowing when smart money is buying stocks, gold, and oil.

[AAPL] Performance Comparison: Apple And Competitors In Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals Industry - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In this article, we will undertake a comprehensive industry comparison, evaluating Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in comparison to its major competitors within the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry.
With a relatively high Price to Sales ratio of 9.49 , which is 2.67x the industry average, the stock might be considered overvalued based on sales performance.
The Return on Equity (ROE) of 35.34% is 29.55% above the industry average, highlighting efficient use of equity to generate profits.
The Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) of $31.03 Billion is 86.19x above the industry average, highlighting stronger profitability and robust cash flow generation.
In terms of the Debt-to-Equity ratio, Apple stands in comparison with its top 4 peers, leading to the following comparisons:When evaluating the debt-to-equity ratio, Apple is in the middle position among its top 4 peers.

[AAPL] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY)SPY opens at 671.50, where bulls will look to maintain their recent momentum.
If momentum holds, price may push into 611.15 and 612.35, with the bullish extension target sitting near 613.55.
If momentum carries, price could extend toward 259.45 and 260.35, as buyers look to reclaim control after recent hesitation.
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)NVIDIA opens at 186.25, and bulls will look to defend this zone to push for a rebound.
Each drop lower represents potential exhaustion zones for sellers, where buyers might look for reentry.

[AAPL] Should Schwab U.S. Large-Cap ETF  ( SCHX )  Be on Your Investing Radar?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] Is Invesco Russell 1000 Dynamic Multifactor ETF  ( OMFL )  a Strong ETF Right Now?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] Is iShares U.S. Equity Factor ETF  ( LRGF )  a Strong ETF Right Now?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[AAPL] Stock Market Today: Dow Jones, Nasdaq Futures Slip Amid Delay In Trade Deficit Data During Shutdown-Trilogy Metals, AMD, Applovin In Focus - SPDR S&P 500  ( ARCA:SPY ) : TMQ maintained a stronger price trend over the short, medium, and long terms, as per Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings.
Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings indicate that AMD maintains a stronger price trend in the short, medium, and long terms.
APP maintained a stronger price trend over the short, medium, and long terms, with a poor value ranking.
Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings indicate that TELO maintains a stronger price trend in the short and medium terms, but a poor price trend in the long term.
SNWV maintained a weaker price trend over the short and medium terms, but a stronger trend in the long term.

[AAPL] Former Apple Design Chief Has 20 Ideas For OpenAI Devices, Says It Should 'Make Us Happy' - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Jony Ive, credited with designing Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) candy-colored iMacs and iPhones, said he has 15 to 20 ideas for OpenAI’s family of devices, as the Silicon Valley race to build AI consumer hardware intensifies.
The devices should "make us happy, and fulfilled, and more peaceful, and less anxious, and less disconnected," he said, according to a report from Wired.
OpenAI acquired the former Apple design chief's company, io, for $6.5 billion in May, sparking chatter about what AI gadgets the designer is working on.
See also: Figma Stock Spikes After Hours Following OpenAI Integration Demo By Sam Altman: What You Should KnowIve said his team has generated “15 to 20 really compelling product ideas,” but that the challenge was to focus on the right kind of hardware.
OpenAI is not the only Silicon Valley giant trying to figure out the best way to package its AI software into consumer devices.

[AAPL] Up 350% Year to Date, is the Party Over for MP Materials Corp Investors?: MP Materials (MP 8.69%) went public a few years back via a merger with a special purpose acquisition corporation (SPAC).
At least until 2025, when MP Materials' unique focus led to a big investment from the U.S. government.
MP Materials mines for and processes what are known as rare-earth metals.
Essentially, MP Materials is a mining and materials company.
In other words, a key factor to look at with an upstart like MP materials is its balance sheet.

[AAPL] Tim Sweeney Declares End Of 'Scare Screens' As Google's Supreme Court Bid Over Android App Store Fails - Alphabet  ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) , Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court refused to block a lower court order requiring Alphabet Inc.'s (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google to overhaul its Play Store, marking a major win for "Fortnite" maker Epic Games.
Supreme Court Upholds Sweeping Injunction Against GoogleThe justices declined Google's request to halt key portions of an injunction issued by U.S. District Judge James Donato, reported Reuters.
Google said in a statement it was "disappointed" by the Supreme Court's action but vowed to continue its appeal.
In June, a U.S. appeals court rejected a similar attempt by Apple to delay a federal judge's order compelling the company to open its profitable App Store to increased competition.
Price Action: Alphabet Inc.'s Class A shares rose 2.07% on Monday, while Class C shares fell 2.05%, per Benzinga Pro.

[TSLA] Tech megacaps lose $770 billion in value as Nasdaq suffers steepest drop since April: Jensen Huang, CEO of Nvidia, speaking with CNBC's Jim Cramer during a CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer event at the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 7th, 2025.
Shares of Amazon , Nvidia and Tesla each dropped around 5% on Friday, as tech's megacaps lost $770 billion in market cap, following President Donald Trump's threats for increased tariffs on Chinese goods.
With tech's trillion-dollar companies occupying an increasingly large slice of the U.S. market, their declines send the Nasdaq down 3.6% and the S&P 500 down 2.7%.
For both indexes, it was the worst day since April, when Trump said he would slap "reciprocal" duties on U.S. trading partners.
Amazon, Nvidia and Tesla all slipped about 2% in extended trading following the post.

[TSLA] If You'd Invested $5,000 in Tesla 5 Years Ago, Here's How Much You'd Have Today: The auto industry before might have seemed boring and slow-changing, but Tesla (TSLA -4.97%) has added excitement to the mix.
If you invested $5,000 in this top EV stock five years ago, here's how much you'd have today.
Tesla shares have accelerated gains for investorsTesla has been a monster winner.
Tesla shares tend to be extremely volatile.
Instead, investors keep buying into founder and CEO Elon Musk's grand vision.

[TSLA] Wall Street Drops From Record Highs After Trump Warns Of 'Massive' Tariffs On China: The Week In Markets - Advanced Micro Devices  ( NASDAQ:AMD ) : The market's unstoppable rally hit a wall on Friday as President Donald Trump's renewed tariff threats against China triggered a broad sell-off across risk assets.
Trump accused Beijing of "hostile behavior," alleging China was preparing to impose export controls on rare earth materials.
The president warned that the U.S. would "financially counter" the move and is considering a "massive increase of tariffs" on Chinese imports.
The remarks caught markets by surprise, reversing optimism that had pushed stocks to record highs earlier in the week.
After announcing a partnership with OpenAI, AMD shares rocketed 35% on the week – the best since 2016.

[TSLA] Applied Digital stock climbs 16% as AI demand fuels data center growth: Applied Digital shares jumped as much as 30% on Friday after the company posted strong first-quarter revenue that was boosted by artificial intelligence data center demand, putting the stock up more than 350% for the year.
The company closed up 16%, extending its impressive run this year.
The data center company reported earnings after the bell on Thursday.
During the quarter, Applied Digital built on its $7 billion lease agreement with CoreWeave that was announced in June for another 150 megawatts at the firm's Polaris Forge 1 campus in North Dakota.
The additional capacity brings the anticipated contracted lease revenue for the project up to $11 billion.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[TSLA] World's Smartest Banker Sees 30% Chance of Stock Market Correction but Here Is What He Is Not Telling You - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Correction TriggerPlease click here for a chart of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) which represents the benchmark stock market index S&P 500 (SPX).
Note the following:The chart shows the stock market is way above the 200 day moving average (shown in yellow).
Here are the key points from what Dimon is saying: Dimon thinks the chance of a correction is much higher than what is generally believed.
Dimon says that if others think the chance of a correction is 10%, he thinks the chance of correction is 30%.
In our analysis, here is what is very important that Dimon is not saying: Dimon represents smart money, but the stock market is controlled by the momo crowd.

[TSLA] Tesla's Shanghai factory deliveries hit record as Model Y variant woos buyers: Tesla’s Shanghai Gigafactory saw a jump in deliveries last month, as its upgraded models struck a chord with wealthy Chinese consumers who favour spacious vehicles.
Compared to its 83,192 deliveries in August, the Shanghai plant, Tesla’s largest production hub worldwide, posted a 9.2 per cent month-on-month increase.
It was the highest since December 2024, when the Gigafactory delivered 93,766 units.
Photo: APThe year-on-year rise of 2.8 per cent also capped a two-straight-month decline.
For the first nine months of 2025, the Shanghai factory delivered 606,364 units, down 10.3 per cent on year.

[TSLA] Peter Thiel Reportedly Warned Elon Musk To Rethink Donating His Wealth: 'Much Worse To Give It To Bill Gates' - Microsoft  ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) , Meta Platforms  ( NASDAQ:META ) : Billionaire venture capitalist Peter Thiel reportedly advised his long-time associate, Elon Musk, to reconsider quitting the Giving Pledge, under which signatories would donate most of their wealth charity.
Thiel Wary Of Antichrist, Report SaysThiel, in a series of lectures given in San Francisco last month, expressed his concerns about the potential emergence of an “Antichrist” figure on the global stage, according to a report by Reuters.
As a technology investor, he is known for betting early on Facebook, now called Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META), and for co-founding software company Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR).
Thiel also shared an anecdote about how he warned Musk that his wealth might end up with “left-wing non-profits that will be chosen by Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) co-founder Bill Gates.
“You know, it would be much worse to give it to Bill Gates,” Thiel quipped back.

[TSLA] Former GitHub CEO Nat Friedman Backs $5.6M Composite Round: Startup Used By Google And Salesforce Workers Eliminates 85% Of Digital Busywork - Reddit  ( NYSE:RDDT ) , Salesforce  ( NYSE:CRM ) : San Francisco-based Composite calls it a way to "liberate professionals from tedious grunt work," predicting and automating tasks without disrupting current systems.
Composite says it takes a different approach by transforming existing browsers into intelligent partners that understand specific workflows and handle draining tasks.
Current AI browsers force users to leave familiar setups and deliver results isolated from tools like email, Google Docs, and Notion that professionals use daily.
Composite says it launched personalization features that monitor actual work habits, detect rote tasks, and automate their completion.
A new Spotlight View eliminates awkward sidebars and lets users keep full screens while Composite handles busywork in the background.

[TSLA] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: A push higher could lift price into 672.65, with continued momentum driving toward 673.80 and 674.95.
If strength persists, SPY may extend into 676.10 and 677.25 as traders look to squeeze additional gains before the weekend.
A lift above could send price into 254.45 and 255.40, with continued strength pushing toward 256.35.
Continued strength may bring 196.80 into play, with a bullish stretch carrying toward 197.85 and 198.95.
A move higher could target 437.10 and 438.65, with continued strength pushing into 440.25.

[TSLA] BRBR SECURITIES NOTICE: BellRing Brands Securities Fraud Investigation is Pending - Contact BFA Law if You Lost Money - BellRing Brands  ( NYSE:BRBR ) : NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Leading securities law firm Bleichmar Fonti & Auld LLP announces an investigation into BellRing Brands, Inc. (NYSE:BRBR) for potential violations of the federal securities laws.
BellRing Brands operates in the convenient nutrition category.
The Company's primary brands include Premier Protein and Dymatize, which offer ready-to-drink ("RTD") protein shakes and powders.
On this news, the price of BellRing Brands stock fell $17.46 per share, or nearly 33%, from $53.64 per share on August 4, 2025, to $36.18 per share on August 5, 2025.
BFA is a leading international law firm representing plaintiffs in securities class actions and shareholder litigation.

[TSLA] Here Is Your $25,000 EV; It Will Cost You $36,990!: Investors were only slightly disappointed that Tesla has yet again overpromised and underdelivered.
Tesla (TSLA -4.97%) is in the habit of being overly optimistic about its capability to deliver products and features, but investors don't seem to mind as long as the stock price keeps going up.
*Stock prices used were the afternoon prices of Oct. 6, 2025.
The video was published on Oct. 8, 2025.

[TSLA] Samsung Returns To Nvidia Supply Chain After 19 Months - Samsung Electronics Co  ( OTC:SSNLF ) , NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : On Thursday, Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) approved Samsung Electronics' (OTC:SSNLF) fifth-generation HBM3E memory for its GB300 artificial intelligence accelerator.
The move signals Samsung's return to Nvidia's supply chain after nearly 19 months, according to Korean analyst Jukanlosreve.
Jukanlosreve tweeted on Thursday that Nvidia has approved Samsung Electronics' fifth-generation high-bandwidth memory (HBM3E) memory for its GB300 AI accelerator, marking Samsung's return to Nvidia's supply chain after nearly 19 months.
The approval follows years of setbacks for Samsung, including public critiques from Huang and multiple redesigns of the HBM3E chips.
Samsung subsidiaries, including SDS, C&T, and Heavy Industries, are exploring collaborations with OpenAI on floating data centers and advanced infrastructure.

[TSLA] Why Is Stellantis Stock Gaining Friday? - Stellantis  ( NYSE:STLA ) : Tesla rival Stellantis N.V. (NYSE:STLA) shares are rising in premarket trading Friday.
The company reported a 13% year-over-year (Y/Y) increase in third-quarter shipments to 1.3 million units.
The growth was led by the performance of North America, as well as Enlarged Europe and the Middle East & Africa.
The company plans to release its third-quarter 2025 results on October 30, 2025.
Price Action: STLA shares were trading higher by 1.89% to $10.79 premarket at last check Friday.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[TSLA] Tesla Cybercab Spotted At Gigafactory Texas And California After Affordable Model Y, Model 3 Trims Launch - Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) has reportedly began testing the highly awaited Cybercab at the company's Gigafactory in Texas as well as the Fremont, California facility, amid buzz surrounding the affordable trims in the EV giant's lineup.
Tegtmeyer had also earlier posted footage of a "mysterious" compact Tesla model under wraps at the Giga factory in Texas, which could've been the Cybercab undergoing testing at the facility.
Ross Gerber's Cybercab SuggestionThe news comes as Gerber Kawasaki's co-founder Ross Gerber recently suggested that Tesla could've released a 2-door affordable model in the U.S. by adding a Steering wheel to the Cybercab.
"Charge $30k for a gold 2 door tesla," Gerber said.
Tesla's Affordable Model Y Invites CriticismThe news comes as Tesla's affordable Model Y invited criticism from experts, with Future Fund LLC's Gary Black saying that the new model wouldn't translate to higher sales figures for Tesla.

[TSLA] 3 AI ETFs to Buy Now for the Coming Tech Revolution: Here are three AI ETFs to buy now for the coming tech revolution.
This ETF's annual expense ratio is 0.68%, which is higher than many passive index ETFs.
BlackRock's investment team researches the fundamentals of global AI and technology stocks without excluding any based solely on their market cap.
ROBO Global Robotics & Automation ETFIf you want to invest more heavily in robotics, the ROBO Global Robotics & Automation ETF (ROBO 0.20%) could be right up your alley.
ROBO Global and Exchange Traded Concepts launched it on Oct. 21, 2013, making it one of the oldest AI ETFs on the market.

[TSLA] A Little Good News for Ford and GM Investors: The good news is that Ford Motor Company (F -0.65%) and General Motors (GM -1.02%) both benefited from the added sales for the third quarter.
In fact, GM set another EV sales record during Q3 with 66,501 deliveries, more than doubling Ford's EV sales result.
The company's year-to-date EV sales in the U.S. are up 105% compared to the prior year, up to 144,668 vehicles.
There's a bit of good news for Ford and GM investors, however.
Ford and GM can work down EV inventory ahead of the anticipated slowdown and concentrate on bringing costs down.

[TSLA] Stock Split Watch: Is This Magnificent Seven Stock  ( That's Never Done a Split )  Next?: All of the Magnificent Seven stocks -- except one -- have this in common: They've each completed at least one stock split at some point in time.
So, a stock split doesn't change anything fundamental, but it does help bring a soaring stock price back down to Earth.
Though a stock split on its own isn't a reason to buy a particular player, investors still keep a close eye on potential stock split candidates.
And that's why, right now, it's logical to wonder if the one Magnificent Seven company that's never done a split might be next on the list... Let's consider the possibility.
Following this stock price momentum, and some of these players have chosen to complete a stock split.

[TSLA] Tesla Under Fire-But Gene Munster Says NHTSA's Massive FSD Investigation Might Be The Best Thing To Happen To Elon Musk Yet - Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : Deepwater Asset Management's investor Gene Munster thinks the ongoing NHTSA probe into Tesla Inc.'s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Full Self-Driving (FSD) system could prove to be beneficial for the EV giant.
Tesla Stands Alone In Consumer Autonomy, Says Gene MunsterIn a video shared on the social media platform X on Thursday, the investor shared his thoughts on the probe into Tesla.
He added that the 14 accidents, when compared to the number of U.S. accidents per month came to a ratio of 0.000028%.
"Good that they're doing this, that they are pushing this technology," Munster said, adding that Tesla and Elon Musk's willingness to make traffic safer should be applauded.
Tesla also faces a lawsuit by owners in China, alleging the company failed to provide the autonomous driving capabilities despite paying them.

[TSLA] Google Tightens 'Work From Anywhere' Policy, With Even 1 Remote Day Counting As Full Week: Report - Citigroup  ( NYSE:C ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : Under the new rule, even a single day of remote work outside an employee's primary office location will now count as a full week against their annual WFA allowance.
"Whether you log 1 WFA day or 5 WFA days in a given standard work week, 1 WFA week will be deducted from your WFA weekly balance," the internal memo stated.
The policy, introduced during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, allowed Google employees to work remotely for up to four weeks per year from a different location.
Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk has called remote work "morally wrong," arguing that it creates an unfair divide between office and factory workers.
By contrast, Zillow Group Inc. (NASDAQ:Z) and Citigroup (NYSE:C) have continued to embrace flexible or hybrid work, with Citi offering two fully remote weeks in August for eligible employees.

[TSLA] As NHTSA Opens Tesla FSD Investigation, Gary Black Says Elon Musk's EV Giant Needs PR Staff: 'For Years I've Argued…' - Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : As the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) launched an investigation into traffic violations committed by Tesla Inc.'s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Full Self-Driving (FSD) system, Future Fund LLC's managing director, Gary Black, thinks the EV giant needs better PR.
Tesla Needs PR Staff To ‘Fight Off' RegulationTaking to the social media platform X on Thursday, Black outlined the need for Tesla to employ a PR staff.
"For years I've argued $TSLA needs a 1-2 person PR staff to fight off regulatory efforts like this," the investor said.
Interestingly, Tesla recently also revised the meaning of the FSD system.
Tesla scores well on Momentum and Growth metrics, while boasting satisfactory Quality, but poor Value.

[TSLA] After GM, Ford Pulls Back EV Incentive Extension Beyond Trump's September 30 Deadline Amid GOP Concerns: Report - Ford Motor  ( NYSE:F ) : The company will instead continue to offer 0% financing for 72 months and other incentives, the spokesperson added.
The South Korean automaker slashed the price of its Ioniq 5 EV and is offering other incentives on the vehicle.
Former Tesla Exec Says EVs Can Grow Without Incentives, Ford Office MandateMeanwhile, Jon McNeill, a former Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) executive said that the EV sector in the U.S. can grow even without Federal incentives.
"We wanted to provide the opportunity to those with credit ratings that may not be perfect the opportunity to have the best rates available," a Ford spokesperson said of the offer.
Ford also offers a favorable price trend in the Short, Medium and Long term.

[TSLA] CHICAGO'S TALLEST CHRISTMAS TREE TO BE LIT BY MAKE-A-WISH CHILD DURING MAGICAL TREE LIGHTING CEREMONY HOSTED BY BILL & GIULIANA RANCIC AT 900 NORTH MICHIGAN SHOPS THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 20TH, 6PM-8PM: Chicago, IL, Oct. 09, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- 900 North Michigan Shops will once again transform itself into a winter wonderland, as it hosts its annual tree lighting ceremony known as, "Illuminate 900" on Thursday, November 20th, from 6PM-8PM. The evening showcases a full line-up of holiday ...

[TSLA] Tesla Makes Money Selling Electric Vehicles, but 90% of Its Value Could Soon Come From This Instead: After years of heavy investment, Tesla's AI bets may finally be paying off.
Don't invest in Tesla stock without understanding this one challengeThe robotaxi market should be huge long-term.
Right now, Tesla stock trades at an astounding 17 times sales.
In the meantime, Tesla's stock price may show extreme volatility, driven by shifts in sentiment, not actual fundamentals.
So while Tesla's robotaxi opportunity is exciting, investors should prepare for a bumpy and lengthy journey.

[TSLA] Bernie Sanders Warns AI Could Erase 100 Million Jobs: In brief Bernie Sanders is calling for a 32-hour work week and a “robot tax” on corporations.
Discover SCENEIn a YouTube video released Wednesday, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) warned that artificial intelligence could erase nearly 100 million American jobs within the next decade, calling it an “issue of enormous consequence” that would deepen inequality unless lawmakers acted.
And what will these robots do?” Sanders said.
“I think by 2040, probably there are more humanoid robots than there are people,” Musk told the audience.
Jobs economists say are most immediately exposed include software engineers, human resources specialists, paralegals and legal assistants, customer service representatives, financial analysts, and content creators.

[TSLA] Direxion's QQQU, QQQD ETFs Foster A Diversified Approach To Magnificent 7 Speculation - Alphabet  ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) , Alphabet  ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) : Of course, the other element that fuels the wild valuation of Mag 7 stocks is the sustained performance.
The Direxion ETFs: Still, with the Mag 7 tickers showing little apparent signs of a material slowdown, the debate rages.
For the optimists, the Direxion Daily Magnificent 7 Bull 2X Shares (NYSE:QQQU) tracks 200% of the performance of the Indxx Magnificent 7 Index.
Primarily, Direxion ETFs offer a convenient mechanism for speculation.
Still, prospective participants must be aware of the unique risks of Direxion ETFs.

[TSLA] How President Trump's H-1B visa changes could impact Big Tech: "The whole idea is, no more will these Big Tech companies or other big companies train foreign workers," said U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick.
The H-1B visa program, created by Congress under the Immigration Act of 1990, allows U.S. employers to hire foreign professionals on a temporary basis for positions that require highly specialized expertise.
H-1B visa approvals, which are valid for three years and can be extended for up to six years, are capped at 65,000 per year, with an additional carve-out of 20,000 for individuals with advanced degrees.
Big Tech, in particular, has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of the H-1B visa program.
Watch the video above to find out the impact of President Trump's H-1B visa reforms on Big Tech — and how the new $100,000 fee could reshape hiring strategies for American companies going forward.

[TSLA] Tesla Stock Is Trading Lower Thursday: What's Driving The Action? - Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) shares are trading lower Thursday following reports suggesting the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration will open a probe into 2.88 million Tesla vehicles over reports of Full Self-Driving traffic violations.
The agency said the system, which still requires drivers to remain attentive, has "induced vehicle behavior that violated traffic safety laws."
The NHTSA said it’s reviewing 58 reports of safety violations tied to FSD, including 14 crashes and 23 injuries.
CEO Elon Musk said on X that Tesla vehicles will feel like they are “sentient” by version 14.3.
TSLA Price Action: At the time of writing, Tesla shares are trading 2.14% lower at $429.52, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

[TSLA] China Tightens Rare Earth Controls, TSMC Data Boosts AI Trade - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : In the early trade, money flows are positive in Nvidia (NVDA).
In the early trade, money flows are neutral in Alphabet Inc Class C (NASDAQ:GOOG), Meta Platforms Inc (NASDAQ:META), and Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT).
In the early trade, money flows are negative in Apple (Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA).
In the early trade, money flows are neutral in SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) and Invesco QQQ Trust Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ).
Momo Crowd And Smart Money In StocksInvestors can gain an edge by knowing money flows in SPY and QQQ.

[TSLA] Here's Why Tesla Stock Is a Buy Before Oct. 22: The fourth quarter won't be easy for the company, but there's a lot to look forward to beyond the near-term data.
They were encouraging numbers, and since Tesla sells direct to customers, its delivery numbers are its sales volumes.
This is highly likely to lead to a significant sequential decline in Tesla deliveries in the fourth quarter.
The excitement centers on the commercial potential of unsupervised robotaxis for ride-sharing revenue for Tesla, whether via its dedicated Cybercab (set for volume production in 2026) or Tesla vehicles transformed via (as-yet unreleased or approved) unsupervised FSD.
As ever, investors should note that there are no guarantees that fully autonomous robotaxis or publicly available unsupervised FSD will come to fruition, or even do so in a timely fashion.

[TSLA] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY)SPY opens at 673.25, with bulls looking to maintain control after a steady grind higher this week.
A strong push above this level could invite a move into 674.45 and 675.65, with follow-through momentum potentially carrying into 676.85.
A hold above this area could push price into 612.40 and 613.55, with further continuation driving toward 614.70.
A push higher could send price into 258.45 and 259.35, with continued momentum bringing 260.25 into play.
A push higher could lead to 245.15 and 246.10, with continued buying extending into 247.05.

[TSLA] Where Will Rivian Stock Be in 5 Years?: Make no mistake, Rivian Automotive (RIVN -2.29%) has been a punishing investment for its early investors, with shares down a whopping 90% since their public debut in late 2021.
Let's explore the pros and cons of Rivian to decide if the stock has finally become a good buy.
The rising number of Rivian vehicles on the road will create more service revenue related to maintenance, repairs, and optional software updates.
The cost of producing and delivering Rivian vehicles is still higher than the revenue earned by selling them.
But while Rivian belongs on every automotive investor's watch list, the company's near-term uncertainty and weak fundamentals mean that it might make more sense to wait for more information before considering a position in the stock.

[TSLA] Elon Musk May Still Reap Billions From Tesla's Trillion-Dollar Pay Package Even Without Meeting Goals: Report - Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk could collect billions of dollars even if the billionaire fails to miss milestones laid out in the new pay package recently unveiled by the electric vehicle maker’s Board of Directors.
The milestones include delivering over 1 million Tesla vehicles and 1 million Optimus robots, as well as reaching 10 million active FSD subscriptions and 1 million Robotaxis in operation.
Reaching all four of these milestones with a valuation of $3.5 trillion would get Musk almost $93 billion, the report said.
Tesla's Board has urged investors to vote in favor of all the recommendations it laid down ahead of November's shareholder meeting.
Tesla also recently revealed affordable trim levels of the Model Y and the Model 3.

[TSLA] Should You Sell Netflix Stock as Elon Musk Calls for a Boycott?: Netflix (NFLX -0.96%) had a strong year on the stock market, with shares up by 35%.
Netflix stock is still a buyNetflix is the world's leading streaming company.
Over time, Netflix increased its prices while continuing to grow its ecosystem of viewers, which speaks volumes about the company.
The company's significant ecosystem of viewers -- which is deeper than that of any of its streaming competitors -- grants it another advantage.
These efforts have been successful, and despite the increase in the number of streaming platforms, Netflix remains in an excellent position.

[TSLA] Tesla's New Model Y Doesn't Solve 1 Major Problem: The Model Y got cheaper, but there are less expensive options for consumers.
Tesla (TSLA -4.97%) announced a new lower-cost Model Y, but it's still not competitively priced with other EVs available today.
And with subsidies expiring, Tesla is in for a rough year or two.
*Stock prices used were end-of-day prices of Oct. 7, 2025.
The video was published on Oct. 8, 2025.

[TSLA] GM Unveils Chevrolet Bolt EV Priced At $29K After Tesla's Budget Model Reveal - General Motors  ( NYSE:GM ) : General Motors Co. (NYSE:GM) has revealed it's most affordable electric vehicle, the Chevrolet Bolt EV, which offers a new battery and a $29k price tag.
A Familiar Design, Better TechnologyThe automaker revealed the new Bolt EV on Wednesday, showcasing a similar design to the outgoing model, with only minor cosmetic updates to the front and the rear.
Chevrolet offers the Bolt EV in three trim levels, the base LT retails for $28,995.
Tesla's Affordable Trims Invite CriticismTesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) also announced new affordable trim levels for the EV giant's Model Y and Model 3 in the U.S.
GM offers good Momentum and Value and scores satisfactorily on the Quality and Growth metrics.

[TSLA] YouTuber JerryRigEverything 'Disappointed With Rivian' For Not Letting Owners Carry Out Repairs: 'I Could Snap My Cybertruck In Half...' - Rivian Automotive  ( NASDAQ:RIVN ) : YouTuber Zack Nelson, aka JerryRigEverything, says he is "disappointed" with Rivian Automotive Inc. (NASDAQ:RIVN) for not letting owners carry out basic repairs.
Rivian Won't Let Me Replace Battery, Says NelsonTaking to the social media platform X on Wednesday, Nelson expressed his frustrations with the automaker's repair policy.
"However – Rivian won’t sell me a 12v battery to install myself.
He then hailed Tesla Inc.'s (NASDAQ:TSLA) repair policies, as the YouTuber also owns a Cybertruck.
"I could snap my Cybertuck in half and Tesla would give me a manual on how to glue it back together," he said.

[TSLA] Tesla's Chinese Rival Is Seeing Its Quality Scores Surge: Here's Why - Great Wall Motor Co  ( OTC:GWLLY ) : A Chinese automaker, one that competes with Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) for a piece of the world’s most populous EV market, is seeing a surge in its Quality scores in Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings, as the latter’s score continues to languish after a series of blows in recent months.
The Quality score in the Edge Rankings is determined by assessing the operational efficiency and financial health of a company, alongside other factors such as historic profitability and fundamental strength relative to peers.
Tesla’s Quality Score TumblesEV giant Tesla’s Quality score in Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings took a tumble in recent months, dropping from 73.14 to 57.00 within the span of a week in August.
The stock scores high on Momentum and Growth, but does poorly on Value and Quality in Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings.
Chinese Rival Surges In Quality MetricsBaoding-headquartered Great Wall Motor Co. (OTC:GWLLY) is surging in Benzinga’s Quality scores, up from 31.87 to 70.37 within the span of a week.

[TSLA] AI Infrastructure Spending to Hit $490 Billion in 2026 -- Here's Who Wins and Who Loses: Spending on AI infrastructure shows no signs of slowing down.
Artificial intelligence (AI) spending soared over the past few years, and nowhere has it likely grown more than for data center infrastructure.
Companies are spending piles of cash for the high-powered servers used to train new AI models and keep existing ones running, with recent estimates putting AI infrastructure spending as high as $2.8 trillion through 2029 -- with $490 billion spent in 2026 alone.
Two AI stocks that could be winners for yearsNvidia (NVDA -4.84%) is benefiting immensely from the massive uptick in AI infrastructure spending.
As AI spending continues over the next few years, Nvidia is likely to benefit.

[TSLA] China Tightens Grip On Rare Earth Exports To Protect 'National Security' As Tech Giants Brace For Impact - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) , iShares U.S. Basic Materials ETF  ( ARCA:IYM ) : China tightened its grip on the export of rare earth minerals and related technologies, escalating tensions with Washington ahead of an expected meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping later this month.
MOFCOM said the new measures were intended to "protect its national security and interests" and prevent the "misuse of rare-earth materials in military and other sensitive sectors".
The U.S. has been working to secure its rare earth supply chain and explore alternatives, with economist Craig Shapiro asserting that this situation is fixable at a manageable cost.
Earlier this month, Pakistan shipped its first batch of enriched rare earth elements and critical minerals to the U.S., marking the beginning of a $500 million partnership.
The U.S. government’s direct equity stakes in major miners such as MP Materials Corp (NYSE:MP) have also opened up new opportunities for investors in rare earth and strategic metals ETFs.

[TSLA] Tesla Q3 Deliveries Smash Estimates, But Wall Street Wasn't Impressed. What Gives?: Tesla recently reported third-quarter deliveries that came in well ahead of what Wall Street analysts expected.
The company delivered big time, reporting close to 497,100 deliveries, smashing Wall Street estimates of of 447,600.
However, Tesla's stock dipped immediately following the news, as the strong beat was not enough to excite Wall Street.
Morgan Stanley analyst said that Q3 deliveries came in at the top end of hedge fund estimates ranging from 450,000 to 500,000 deliveries.
The lowest Wall Street price target is an astounding $19 per share, while the high is $600 per share, which shows just how split the Street is on the name.

[TSLA] Meet the Brilliant Vanguard ETF With 59.3% of Its Portfolio Invested in the "Magnificent Seven" Stocks: This unstoppable Vanguard ETF could supercharge the returns of any diversified portfolio.
In fact, since the AI boom started gathering momentum at the beginning of 2023, the Magnificent Seven stocks have delivered a median return of 178%.
Since the Magnificent Seven stocks have a combined value of $20.7 trillion, it's no surprise they collectively have such a dominant weighting in the Vanguard ETF.
Despite its substantial exposure to the Magnificent Seven stocks, the Vanguard ETF does offer a splash of diversification.
Instead, the fund could be an ideal addition to any diversified portfolio that has little or no exposure to the Magnificent Seven already.

[TSLA] Dan Ives Says Q3 Tech Earnings Will 'Exceed The AI Hype,' Expert Adds Tariff Impact On Other Firms Will Be 'Much Less Than Anticipated' - NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : The report, authored by Chief Equity Strategist Jeffrey Buchbinder, argues that a “Tariff-driven slowdown [is] unlikely to hurt Q3 earnings growth much.”While tariff costs have increased, the LPL report notes that at a macro level, “the effects have been much less than we, and most analysts, anticipated”.
This resilience is attributed to several factors, including tariff mitigation measures, a surge in AI investment, and a weaker U.S. dollar.
This concentration of growth underpins LPL’s continued preference for large-cap growth stocks over their value counterparts.
For the third quarter, the firm believes corporate America has an “excellent opportunity to post another low-teens earnings growth rate for the S&P 500”.
Loading... Loading...Read Next:Disclaimer: This content was partially produced with the help of AI tools and was reviewed and published by Benzinga editors.

[TSLA] Tesla's New Robotaxi-Ready Models Strengthen the Bull Case for the Stock: Cheaper vehicle trims with the latest self-driving hardware could widen Tesla's addressable market and feed its autonomy ambitions.
Importantly, investors should note that though these new standard models are available to order today, the first deliveries won't occur until later this year.
For the new standard Model Y, Tesla's website shows availability beginning in the November to December timeframe.
Ultimately, lower-priced, robotaxi-ready Tesla models support the long-term investment case for the growth stock.
This means that much of the excitement surrounding lower-cost models, self-driving technology, and Robotaxi is already priced in.

[TSLA] KraneShares Global Humanoid & Embodied Intelligence Index UCITS ETF  ( KOID )  Launches on the London Stock Exchange: LONDON, Oct. 09, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- KraneShares, a global asset manager known for its innovative exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ) , today announced the launch of the KraneShares Global Humanoid & Embodied Intelligence Index UCITS ETF ( LSE: KOID ) on the London Stock Exchange ( LSE ) .

[TSLA] Elon Musk's Tesla Robot Masters Kung Fu Without Human Control - Jim Cramer Says Nvidia Tech Made It Possible - NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) , Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk unveiled a new milestone in robotics over the weekend — sharing a video of the company's humanoid robot, Optimus, performing Kung Fu entirely without human control — a feat Jim Cramer said was made possible by Nvidia Corporation's (NASDAQ:NVDA) advanced AI technology.
Optimus Learns Kung Fu Without Human GuidanceMusk shared a new video of the Tesla robot performing Kung Fu drills with its trainer, writing on X, "Tesla Optimus learning Kung Fu."
The footage shows Optimus greeting its human instructor before mirroring each movement — executing smooth blocks, stance shifts and coordinated arm motions with striking precision.
His comment highlights the deep technological ties between Musk's ventures and Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), which supplies the high-end GPUs powering Tesla's AI systems.
Nvidia is also reportedly investing up to $2 billion in Musk's xAI venture to support its growing AI infrastructure.

[TSLA] General Motors Ends EV Incentives Days After Announcing Subsidies Following Tax Credit Deadline: Report - General Motors  ( NYSE:GM ) : General Motors Co. (NYSE:GM) has reportedly backtracked on its plans to offer incentives on electric vehicles in the U.S. beyond the Federal EV Credit deadline on September 30.
Automakers React To EV Credit Deadline, Ford's Low-Interest LoansMajor Automakers in the U.S. have reportedly offered extensions on the EV incentives.
Besides Ford, cross-town rival Stellantis NV (NYSE:STLA) is also offering incentives to EV buyers in the U.S.
Meanwhile, Hyundai Motor Co. (NYSE:HYMLF) slashed the price of its Ioniq 5 EV and is offering incentives on the vehicle.
Elsewhere, Ford was reportedly offering low-interest loans to customers with a subprime credit rating (FICO scores below 620) on its best-selling F-150 pickup truck.

[TSLA] Ross Gerber Has This Cybercab Suggestion For Elon Musk Amid Affordable Model Y Buzz: 'Put A Steering...' - Tesla  ( NASDAQ:TSLA ) : Investment firm Gerber Kawasaki's co-founder, Ross Gerber, has a suggestion for Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) and CEO Elon Musk following the affordable Model Y's release.
Put A Steering Wheel In The ‘Gold Cab,' Says Ross GerberIn a post on the social media platform X on Wednesday, Gerber opined that Tesla should've considered using the Cybercab as a foundation for the affordable model in its lineup.
Charge $30k for a gold 2 door tesla," Gerber said.
Ross Gerber's Tesla ‘Warning’The post follows Gerber's earlier comments, where he issued a "warning" against buying a Tesla vehicle and instead urged customers to lease them.
He also predicted a $2 trillion market capitalization for Tesla based on the affordable models and Full Self-Driving (FSD) updates.

[TSLA] Voyageur Mineral Explorers Corp. Provides Update on the Company's Special Meeting: TORONTO, Oct. 08, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Voyageur Mineral Explorers Corp. ( CSE:VOY ) ( "Voyageur" or the "Company" ) is providing an update to shareholders of the Company ( "Shareholders" ) regarding the potential impact of the strike by the Canadian Union of Postal Workers ( the "Strike" ) ...

[GOOG] Rezolve Ai PLC Announces Shareholder Transfer to a New Global Institutional Investor: NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rezolve Ai PLC (NASDAQ: RZLV) (“Rezolve Ai” or the “Company”) today announced that DBLP Sea Cow Limited, a shareholder associated with the estate of the late John Wagner and Rezolve Chairman and CEO Dan Wagner, has transferred 10.6 million ordinary shares of Rezolve Ai to a new leading global long-hold fundamentals-driven Institutional Investor.
The estate, through DBLP Sea Cow Limited, continues to retain a significant long-term shareholding in Rezolve Ai.
Rezolve Ai Chairman and CEO Daniel M. Wagner commented:“This transaction reflects a responsible and structured estate administration following my late father’s passing.
Its solutions enable businesses to harness AI for smarter customer experiences and operational efficiency.
With foundational partnerships with Microsoft, Google, and Tether, Rezolve Ai is positioned to drive innovation across the $30 trillion global retail market.

[GOOG] Tech megacaps lose $770 billion in value as Nasdaq suffers steepest drop since April: Jensen Huang, CEO of Nvidia, speaking with CNBC's Jim Cramer during a CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer event at the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 7th, 2025.
Shares of Amazon , Nvidia and Tesla each dropped around 5% on Friday, as tech's megacaps lost $770 billion in market cap, following President Donald Trump's threats for increased tariffs on Chinese goods.
With tech's trillion-dollar companies occupying an increasingly large slice of the U.S. market, their declines send the Nasdaq down 3.6% and the S&P 500 down 2.7%.
For both indexes, it was the worst day since April, when Trump said he would slap "reciprocal" duties on U.S. trading partners.
Amazon, Nvidia and Tesla all slipped about 2% in extended trading following the post.

[GOOG] Nancy Pelosi, Cathie Wood Align On These 4 Stocks - Do You Own Any? - ARK Fintech Innovation ETF  ( BATS:ARKF ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : Two of the most well-known female figures tracked by retail investors are former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Ark Funds founder Cathie Wood.
The main Ark Invest ETFs are:Ark Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKK)(BATS:ARKK) Ark Next Generation Internet ETF (BATS:ARKW)(BATS:ARKW) Ark Fintech Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKF)(BATS:ARKF) Ark Autonomous Technology & Robotics ETF (BATS:ARKQ)(BATS:ARKQ) Ark Space Exploration & Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKX)Here are the 4 stocks owned by both Nancy Pelosi and Ark Invest:Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL): Pelosi disclosed buying 50 call options on Jan 14, 2025.
Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN): Pelosi disclosed buying 50 call options on Jan. 14, 2025.
Ark Funds owns shares in ARKG, ARKK, is largest holding in ARKG (11.3%) and fifth largest holding in ARKK (5.3%).
Wood and Ark Funds invest in innovative and disruptive companies that cover sectors like fintech, cryptocurrency, AI, electric vehicles and more.

[GOOG] Varonis Announces Date of Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results - Varonis Systems  ( NASDAQ:VRNS ) : MIAMI, Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Varonis Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRNS), the leader in data security, announced that it will report its third quarter 2025 financial results following the close of the U.S. financial markets Tuesday, October 28, 2025.
In conjunction with this announcement, Varonis will host a conference call Tuesday, October 28, 2025, at 4:30 p.m.
About VaronisVaronis (NASDAQ:VRNS) is the leader in data security, fighting a different battle than conventional cybersecurity companies.
Our cloud-native Data Security Platform continuously discovers and classifies critical data, removes exposures, and detects advanced threats with AI-powered automation.
Investor Relations Contact:Tim PerzVaronis Systems, Inc.646-640-2112investors@varonis.comNews Media Contact:Rachel HuntVaronis Systems, Inc.877-292-8767 (ext.

[GOOG] Varonis Announces Date of Third Quarter 2025 Financial Results: MIAMI, Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Varonis Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: VRNS), the leader in data security, announced that it will report its third quarter 2025 financial results following the close of the U.S. financial markets Tuesday, October 28, 2025.
In conjunction with this announcement, Varonis will host a conference call Tuesday, October 28, 2025, at 4:30 p.m.
A replay of this conference call will be available through November 4, 2025, at 844-512-2921 (domestic) or 412-317-6671 (international).
About VaronisVaronis (Nasdaq: VRNS) is the leader in data security, fighting a different battle than conventional cybersecurity companies.
Our cloud-native Data Security Platform continuously discovers and classifies critical data, removes exposures, and detects advanced threats with AI-powered automation.

[GOOG] Duolingo Unusual Options Activity - Duolingo  ( NASDAQ:DUOL ) : Today, Benzinga's options scanner spotted 43 uncommon options trades for Duolingo.
Volume & Open Interest DevelopmentIn today's trading context, the average open interest for options of Duolingo stands at 419.9, with a total volume reaching 2,085.00.
Duolingo Option Activity Analysis: Last 30 DaysLargest Options Trades Observed:Symbol PUT/CALL Trade Type Sentiment Exp.
Its solutions include the Duolingo Language Learning App, Super Duolingo, Duolingo English Test: AI-Driven Language Assessment, Duolingo For Schools, Duolingo ABC, and Duolingo Math.
Stay informed about the latest Duolingo options trades with real-time alerts from Benzinga Pro.

[GOOG] Crypto Biz: Bitcoin's corporate moment, ICE's bold bet, Tether's expanding footprint: Bitcoin tops $126,000 as Strategy's BTC hoard swells. ICE backs Polymarket. Rezolve AI buys Smartpay. Plume gains SEC transfer-agent status.

[GOOG] Why Is TeraWulf Down Today? - TeraWulf  ( NASDAQ:WULF ) : Shares of TeraWulf Inc. (NASDAQ:WULF) are falling Friday after U.S. President Trump posted on social media that he was considering an increase in tariffs on Chinese products.
This drop, which erases the gains from TeraWulf’s record high earlier in the day, is due to weakness in the market and broader crypto sector.
What To Know: TeraWulf reached an all-time high of $15.51 at market open, riding on a rising wave of positive sentiment about cryptocurrency.
Trump said that his administration is considering a “massive increase of tariffs on Chinese products” in addition to other countermeasures.
WULF Price Action: Shares of TeraWulf were down 0.72% at $13.49 at the time of publication on Friday, according to Benzinga Pro.

[GOOG] Applied Digital stock climbs 16% as AI demand fuels data center growth: Applied Digital shares jumped as much as 30% on Friday after the company posted strong first-quarter revenue that was boosted by artificial intelligence data center demand, putting the stock up more than 350% for the year.
The company closed up 16%, extending its impressive run this year.
The data center company reported earnings after the bell on Thursday.
During the quarter, Applied Digital built on its $7 billion lease agreement with CoreWeave that was announced in June for another 150 megawatts at the firm's Polaris Forge 1 campus in North Dakota.
The additional capacity brings the anticipated contracted lease revenue for the project up to $11 billion.

[GOOG] 2 Stocks to Watch From the Prospering Computer Industry: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[GOOG] How Do Investors Really Feel About Alphabet Inc? - Alphabet  ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) : Alphabet Inc's (NYSE:GOOGL) short interest as a percent of float has fallen 12.07% since its last report.
According to exchange reported data, there are now 59.54 million shares sold short, which is 1.02% of all regular shares that are available for trading.
Why Short Interest MattersShort interest is the number of shares that have been sold short but have not yet been covered or closed out.
An increase in short interest can signal that investors have become more bearish, while a decrease in short interest can signal they have become more bullish.
Comparing Alphabet Inc's Short Interest Against Its PeersPeer comparison is a popular technique amongst analysts and investors for gauging how well a company is performing.

[GOOG] 'We've Transformed The Whole Buying Stack Into A Recommendation Engine,' How AdTech Company Vibe Earned A $410M Valuation: AdTech company Vibe.co raised $50 million in a Series B funding round in September, bringing its overall valuation up to $410 million just three years after launch.
Vibe is a self-service TV ad buying platform that was founded in 2021 by Arthur Querou and Franck Tetzlaff.
The company, which officially launched in September 2022, uses AI to help brands create and place ads on streaming services like Tubi, Paramount+, and Sling TV.
For these companies, TV advertising can feel overwhelming– a barrier to entry that larger adtech companies aren't poised to help them overcome.
"We’ve transformed the whole buying stack into a recommendation engine.”Looking ahead, Querou says Vibe plans to combine this homegrown AI approach to help scale the company.

[GOOG] How Miracle Twins Sparked a Millennial Mom Movement: Dallas, TX October 10, 2025 -- ( PR.com ) -- After ten years of being told she could not conceive, Brittneye, a Texas Born Native and her husband welcomed the miracle birth of twin daughters.
[GOOG] CFI investments will equip researchers to advance national priorities and build prosperity: By investing in science and research infrastructure, we are laying the groundwork for discoveries that will enrich our communities and inspire future generations.
– Sylvain Charbonneau, President and CEO, Canada Foundation for InnovationQuick factsThese research infrastructure investments total $133,624,785.
The CFI typically contributes up to 40 percent of a project's research infrastructure costs.
By attracting cofunding from strategic partners, this unique funding model optimizes the Government of Canada's investments in research infrastructure.
The research infrastructure we fund mobilizes knowledge, spurs innovation and commercialization, and empowers the talented minds of a new generation.

[GOOG] American Crane's CEO Karen Norheim Launches Inspiring New Podcast: "Always Lifting": DOUGLASSVILLE, Pa., Oct. 10, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- American Crane & Equipment Corporation announced the launch of "Always Lifting," a new video podcast hosted by their CEO, Karen Norheim.
"Always Lifting" is not just a podcast; it is a journey into the minds of those who are shaping our world with curiosity, resilience and storytelling.
Hosted by Norheim, a visionary leader and storyteller, the podcast aims to inspire audiences worldwide.
"Whether it's lifting people, ideas, communities or ourselves, these conversations are designed to expand perspectives and inspire growth.
For more information about the Always Lifting Podcast, visit Always Lifting - YouTubeTo stream the Always Lifting Podcast, visit Always LiftingFor more information about Karen Norheim, visit Karen Norheim | Inspire Manufacturing Success TodayFor more information about American Crane & Equipment Corporation, www.americancrane.comSOURCE American Crane & Equipment Corporation

[GOOG] American Oncology Network Presents 15 Research Abstracts at ASCO Quality 2025: FORT MYERS, Fla., Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- American Oncology Network (AON), one of the fastest-growing community oncology networks in the nation, announced today that 15 research abstracts by AON physicians and leaders have been accepted for presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Quality Care Symposium 2025 .
A full list of AON physician and leader abstracts at the ASCO Quality Care Symposium include:"It is an honor to share our research and latest findings with peers at ASCO's Quality Care Symposium," said Puneeth Indurlal, MD, AON's senior vice president of strategic operations and co-author on all abstracts.
About American Oncology NetworkAmerican Oncology Network (AON) is an alliance of physicians and seasoned healthcare leaders partnering to ensure the long-term success and viability of community oncology and other specialties.
With a focus on innovation and collaboration, AON is shaping the future of community oncology.
A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/e97c9075-d1da-4e1f-ac14-11bb6549605dMedia Contact: Karen Riley Sawyer American Oncology Network Karen.Sawyer@AONcology.com

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[GOOG] UiPath Stock Rockets 40% on AI Agent Innovation Buzz - UiPath  ( NYSE:PATH ) : UiPath, Inc. (NYSE:PATH) shares climbed 40% this week on a series of major positive catalysts including new partnerships and industry recognition.
Investor sentiment shifted higher following news of integrations and collaboration with leading AI companies, driving strong momentum for UiPath stock.
Strategic AI PartnershipsUiPath recently announced a big collaboration with OpenAI to accelerate customers' return on investment by simplifying the development and deployment of AI agents.
The partnerships boosted the capabilities of UiPath's automation platform and put it on the leading edge of AI development.
PATH Price ActionUiPath shares hit a 52-week high of $18.74 on Thursday, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

[GOOG] Gundam Celebrates Iconic Milestones at New York Comic Con 2025: McCarley called to the audience directly about their favorite quintessential Gundam film elements, met with increasing cheers with each prompt.
The panel then shifted focus to MOBILE SUIT GUNDAM HATHAWAY The Sorcery of Nymph Circe.
The unveiled key visual earned cheers from the audience, recognizing the main cast of the Hathaway saga in an all-new, evocative illustration for MOBILE SUIT GUNDAM HATHAWAY The Sorcery of Nymph Circe.
It was really exciting getting to learn about Mobile Suit Gundam Hathaway's amazing history leading up to the movie," Yen expresses on the topic of preparation for his role.
For continued updates on the series and upcoming releases, visit Gundam Official Website and follow the Gundam Info YouTube channel .

[GOOG] World's Smartest Banker Sees 30% Chance of Stock Market Correction but Here Is What He Is Not Telling You - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Correction TriggerPlease click here for a chart of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) which represents the benchmark stock market index S&P 500 (SPX).
Note the following:The chart shows the stock market is way above the 200 day moving average (shown in yellow).
Here are the key points from what Dimon is saying: Dimon thinks the chance of a correction is much higher than what is generally believed.
Dimon says that if others think the chance of a correction is 10%, he thinks the chance of correction is 30%.
In our analysis, here is what is very important that Dimon is not saying: Dimon represents smart money, but the stock market is controlled by the momo crowd.

[GOOG] Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: First Solar: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer.

[GOOG] TVCMALL Showcases iPhone 17 Accessories and Expands Brand Distribution as Europe's leading Wholesaler at Global Sources Hong Kong Shows: HONG KONG, Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- At Global Sources Hong Kong 2025, TVCMALL positions itself as Europe's leading one-stop mobile accessories wholesaler.
In particular, TVCMALL highlights its full lineup of iPhone 17 accessories along with curated picks across high-demand categories.
Expanding Brand Distribution, Driving Retail GrowthWhat makes TVCMALL's assortment stronger is its close cooperation with well-recognized brands across different segments of the mobile accessories market.
Visit TVCMALL at Global Sources Hong Kong Shows 2025With 17 years of wholesale experience, TVCMALL has built long-term trust with 30+ top European webshops and retailers.
Today, TVCMALL is recognized as Europe's leading one-stop wholesale partner for mobile accessories.

[GOOG] Lessons Well Learned - This 18-Year-Old Learned To Code At Age 7 - Now His AI App Makes $1.4 Million Per Month: "I think that entrepreneurship is really cool because at the end of the day, age doesn't really matter much," he said.
They decided to create an app that uses AI to count calories by analyzing photos of food that users upload into the app.
After that early success, Yadegari said he continued to write code and help develop the app while maintaining a 4.0 GPA.
She actually uses the app," he told CNBC.
Users can download the app for free, but using it requires a subscription that costs $2.49 per month or $29.99 per year.

[GOOG] Cineverse Wins DEG EnTech Emerging Technology Award for cineSearch, Powered by Matchpoint™ - Cineverse  ( NASDAQ:CNVS ) : 5th Annual EnTech Awards from the Digital Entertainment Group Recognize InnovationLOS ANGELES, Oct. 10, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Cineverse Corp (NASDAQ:CNVS), a next-generation entertainment studio, was honored at the 5th annual EnTech Awards .
The awards were presented by DEG: The Digital Entertainment Group at a ceremony in Los Angeles.
In the Emerging Technology category — which honors a company for creating a new, consumer-facing technology that will likely positively affect the future of digital entertainment — Cineverse was recognized for the development of cineSearch.
Powered by Matchpoint™ , cineSearch is a revolutionary, AI-powered content search and discovery platform that is available to consumers ( www.cinesearch.com ) and for commercial licensing to OEMs and streaming platforms ( cinesearch.com/business ).
In addition to cineSearch's win at the EnTech Awards, Huidor was recognized as a finalist in the Technology Leadership category.

[GOOG] Microsoft's AI Supercluster Could Spark A Cloud Bull Run; AMZN Chart Shows Bullish Setup - Microsoft  ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : MSFT unveils its Nvidia GB300-powered datacenter fleet as compute demand surges, AMZN chart breaks higher; China keeps fueling the chip race.
Microsoft Datacenter is Bullish for CloudMicrosoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled a new AI supercomputing cluster powered by Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) GB300s with over 4,600 GPUs, using next-gen InfiniBand networking.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.

[GOOG] Former GitHub CEO Nat Friedman Backs $5.6M Composite Round: Startup Used By Google And Salesforce Workers Eliminates 85% Of Digital Busywork - Reddit  ( NYSE:RDDT ) , Salesforce  ( NYSE:CRM ) : San Francisco-based Composite calls it a way to "liberate professionals from tedious grunt work," predicting and automating tasks without disrupting current systems.
Composite says it takes a different approach by transforming existing browsers into intelligent partners that understand specific workflows and handle draining tasks.
Current AI browsers force users to leave familiar setups and deliver results isolated from tools like email, Google Docs, and Notion that professionals use daily.
Composite says it launched personalization features that monitor actual work habits, detect rote tasks, and automate their completion.
A new Spotlight View eliminates awkward sidebars and lets users keep full screens while Composite handles busywork in the background.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[GOOG] Google Designated Strategic Player In UK Search, Ad Market - Alphabet  ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) : The UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) designated Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google with strategic market status (SMS) in general search and advertising services after confirming that the company ticked off the legal criteria.
Also Read: Google Reveals $6.8 Billion UK AI Drive As Trump Lands For High-Stakes TalksThe CMA confirmed that Google dominates general search and advertising, giving it a strategic position in the UK market where it handles over 90% of searches.
In April, the UK filed a 5 billion pounds ($6.6 billion) class-action lawsuit against Google, for allegedly exploiting its dominant position in online search to inflate ad prices and suppress competition.
This action follows years of regulatory scrutiny, including a 2020 UK market study showing Google controlled 90% of the search ad market and a pending EU antitrust penalty over Android practices.
In September, the European Commission fined Google 2.95 billion euros ($3.46 billion) for abusing its dominant position in online display advertising.

[GOOG] Annovis Announces $6 Million Registered Direct Offering of Common Stock: The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the offering are expected to be approximately $6 million, before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company.
The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds from the offering toward working capital and general corporate purposes.
The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement that forms a part of the registration statement.
A prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC’s website located at http://www.sec.gov.
About AnnovisHeadquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania, Annovis is dedicated to addressing neurodegeneration in diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and Parkinson’s disease (PD).

[GOOG] Snail Games Indie Branch Wandering Wizard Expands Global Visibility with Cross-Industry Partnerships for Above the Snow and Rebel Engine - Snail  ( NASDAQ:SNAL ) : The Rebel Engine demo featuring Hakos Baelz's soundtrack will be available during Steam Next Fest October 13, 2025 - October 20, 2025.
Players can wishlist Rebel Engine on Steam now to receive updates and notifications when the demo is live.
These partnerships underscore Snail Games' broader strategy of pursuing non-traditional collaborations that enhance IP value and extend brand reach.
By combining lifestyle branding with gaming and tapping into the entertainment power of VTubers, Snail Games is positioning its indie portfolio to capture new markets on a global scale and maximize cross-promotional opportunities.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements.

[GOOG] Snail Games Indie Branch Wandering Wizard Expands Global Visibility with Cross-Industry Partnerships for Above the Snow and Rebel Engine: The Rebel Engine demo featuring Hakos Baelz’s soundtrack will be available during Steam Next Fest October 13, 2025 - October 20, 2025.
Players can wishlist Rebel Engine on Steam now to receive updates and notifications when the demo is live.
These partnerships underscore Snail Games’ broader strategy of pursuing non-traditional collaborations that enhance IP value and extend brand reach.
By combining lifestyle branding with gaming and tapping into the entertainment power of VTubers, Snail Games is positioning its indie portfolio to capture new markets on a global scale and maximize cross-promotional opportunities.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements.

[GOOG] CZ's Google account targeted by 'government-backed' hackers: Changpeng Zhao's warning highlights a resurgence of threats from state-backed hacking groups, such as the North Korean Lazarus Group.

[GOOG] Straight No Chaser Reveal Details of "Holiday Road"; First Full-Length Holiday Album in Five Years Out October 24: Photo credit: Jimmy Fontaine Press materials and hi res images are available here. PRE-SAVE THE ALBUM HERE. STREAM "CHRISTMAS IS DIFFERENT ( FEATURING HUNTER HAYES ) " HERE.

[GOOG] Rezolve Ai Confirms Minimal Dilution from Foundational Acquisitions: “These two acquisitions have placed key chess pieces on our board,” said Daniel M. Wagner, CEO of Rezolve Ai.
With foundational partnerships with Microsoft, Google, and Tether, Rezolve Ai is positioned to drive innovation across the $30 trillion global retail market.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements, including expectations regarding Rezolve Ai’s M&A strategy and the creation of agentic commerce.
Additional information regarding risks and uncertainties facing Rezolve Ai is included in the Company’s filings with the SEC.
Rezolve Ai undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

[GOOG] Billionaire Bill Ackman Has 55% of His Hedge Fund's $15.8 Billion Portfolio Held in Just 3 Spectacular Stocks: Every quarter, Ackman and his team file Form 13F with the SEC, disclosing his fund's publicly traded equity positions as of the end of the period.
More than half of that is held in just three stocks, but Howard Hughes isn't one of them (yet).
But Ackman believes Uber provides a key partner to self-driving carmakers looking to scale and expand operations to new cities.
In a similar vein to his investment in Uber, Ackman bought Alphabet on the basis that investor fears that emerging technology would negatively impact operating results were overblown.
In the case of Alphabet, he felt investors were overestimating how much generative AI chatbots would hurt the internet search business.

[GOOG] OpenAI's Dealmaking Spree Puts These ETFs in Focus: We use  to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience.
This includes personalizing content and advertising.
By pressing "Accept All" or closing out of this banner, you consent to the use of all  and similar technologies and the sharing of information they collect with third parties.
You can reject marketing  by pressing "Deny Optional," but we still use essential, performance, and functional .
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[GOOG] Rezolve Ai Confirms Minimal Dilution from Foundational Acquisitions - Rezolve AI  ( NASDAQ:RZLV ) : "These two acquisitions have placed key chess pieces on our board," said Daniel M. Wagner, CEO of Rezolve Ai.
Rezolve continues to execute its M&A program focused on assets that expand the company's AI, data, and payments infrastructure while being capital efficient and preserving shareholder value.
With foundational partnerships with Microsoft, Google, and Tether, Rezolve Ai is positioned to drive innovation across the $30 trillion global retail market.
Additional information regarding risks and uncertainties facing Rezolve Ai is included in the Company's filings with the SEC.
Rezolve Ai undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

[GOOG] Shaq, Sam Altman-backed college startup Campus taps former Meta AI head as CTO: Campus, a college startup backed by Sam Altman, has hired Meta 's former AI Vice President Jerome Pesenti as its technology head, the company announced Friday.
As part of the deal, Campus will buy Pesenti's artificial intelligence learning platform Sizzle AI for an undisclosed amount and integrate its personalized AI-generated educational content already used by 1.7 million people.
Campus was founded to disrupt the community college system by "maximizing access to world-class education," according to its website.
It offers accredited associate degrees taught by adjunct professors from the likes of Stanford, Princeton and New York University.
The platform has over 3,000 enrolled students, charges $7,320 per academic year and accepts Pell Grants, according to its website.

[GOOG] 3 Breakout Growth Stocks You Can Buy and Hold for the Next Decade: These three companies look like they could be AI leaders over the long term.
Let's look at three growth stocks that looked positioned to lead over the next decade.
What will make Meta interesting over the next decade is that it is still barely monetizing some of its largest assets.
WhatsApp, with 3 billion users, has only just started showing ads, and Threads is still in the early stages of user growth.
As more companies look for ways to cut the cost of inference, Broadcom's expertise in custom application specific integrated circuits (ASICs) is likely to make it an indispensable supplier for years to come.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[GOOG] Is ALPS  ( OUSA )  a Strong ETF Right Now?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[GOOG] Google search comes under renewed scrutiny in UK as competition watchdog flexes new powers: General view of the Google headquarters in King's Cross as the tech giant faces a 5 billion pound lawsuit in the UK for allegedly abusing its online search dominance.
LONDON — Britain's competition regulator on Friday activated new powers to regulate Google 's search activities, putting the U.S. tech giant in the firing line for further regulatory action.
The Competition and Markets Authority confirmed it is designating Google with "strategic market status" for its general search and search advertising services.
It follows a near nine-month investigation in which the watchdog concluded that the tech giant has "substantial and entrenched market power."
"Having taken into account the feedback received following our proposed decision, we have today designated Google's search services with strategic market status."

[GOOG] Better Buy: Amazon vs. Target: Amazon and Target are badly underperforming the S&P 500 in 2025.
With the major indexes at all-time highs, some investors may be looking at Amazon and Target as compelling values in today's premium-priced market.
In the second quarter of 2025, the company's North America and international segments (both of which focus largely on e-commerce) delivered double-digit percentage sales growth.
Amazon subsidiary Zoox already offers robotaxi services in Las Vegas, with San Francisco its next target market.
In the meantime, Target stock is dirt cheap, and its dividend is compelling.

[GOOG] Irving Azoff Slams YouTube For Paying Artists Just One-Fifth Of What Spotify And Apple Do: '...Nobody Stands Up To Them' - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : On Thursday, Irving Azoff hurled allegations at YouTube, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc.'s (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google.
He accused the platform of bullying tactics and paying creators less than companies like Spotify Inc. (NYSE:SPOT), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).
Irving Azoff Calls YouTube The ‘Classic Definition Of A Monopoly'During a conversation with Bloomberg's Lucas Shaw, Azoff, CEO of The Azoff Company and a key figure in the music industry, criticized YouTube.
Azoff, whose Global Music Rights organization has previously clashed with YouTube over royalty payments, claimed the company underpays for music content compared to other streaming platforms like Apple Music, Spotify and Amazon Music.
In August, YouTube struck a distribution deal with Fox Corp. (NASDAQ:FOXA) to keep Fox Sports, Fox News and other channels on YouTube TV after tense carriage negotiations.

[GOOG] 5 Monster Stocks to Hold for the Next 20 Years: If you want to buy tech stocks that you can comfortably hold for the next two decades, you need to find companies with wide moats and the ability to adapt.
Alphabet also branched out into cloud computing, and built YouTube into a massive global platform.
The unmatched diversity of its product offerings and its ability to quickly get goods to its customers have provided it with a wide moat.
It also gave birth to the cloud computing industry with its launch of Amazon Web Services (AWS).
It shifted from a boxed-software company to a software-as-a-service (SaaS) company with Microsoft 365, and has also become a cloud computing leader with Azure.

[GOOG] 3 AI ETFs to Buy Now for the Coming Tech Revolution: Here are three AI ETFs to buy now for the coming tech revolution.
This ETF's annual expense ratio is 0.68%, which is higher than many passive index ETFs.
BlackRock's investment team researches the fundamentals of global AI and technology stocks without excluding any based solely on their market cap.
ROBO Global Robotics & Automation ETFIf you want to invest more heavily in robotics, the ROBO Global Robotics & Automation ETF (ROBO 0.20%) could be right up your alley.
ROBO Global and Exchange Traded Concepts launched it on Oct. 21, 2013, making it one of the oldest AI ETFs on the market.

[GOOG] Is Alphabet Stock Still a Buy Below $250?: Despite this strong stock performance, Alphabet stock still trades at a price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) below the S&P 500 (^GSPC -2.71%) average, and significantly below its peers.
Does this make Alphabet stock a buy today, as it trades just below $250 a share?
Is Alphabet stock a buy below $250?
At just under $250, Alphabet stock now trades at a market cap of $3 trillion.
With steady growth at Google Search, explosive growth at Google Cloud, and viral engagement with Gemini, Alphabet stock still looks cheap today due to its below-market earnings ratio.

[GOOG] Prediction: These 4 Artificial Intelligence  ( AI )  Stocks Will Be Worth More Than $7 Trillion by 2030: In fact, I predict that at least four artificial intelligence (AI) stocks will be worth more than $7 trillion by 2030.
The giant GPU maker is already the world's highest-valued company with a market cap of $4.5 trillion.
Over the last five years, Nvidia's market cap and share price have soared roughly 1,250%.
Worries that generative AI would present an existential threat to Google Search were overblown.
First, it must beef up its generative AI capabilities.

[GOOG] Tempus AI Up Nearly 185% Since Nancy Pelosi's Reported Purchase In January 2025 - Tempus AI  ( NASDAQ:TEM ) : The Periodic Transaction Report, signed by Pelosi on Jan. 17, 2025, detailed a purchase made by her three days earlier, on Jan. 14, 2025.
The transaction consisted of 50 call options on Tempus AI stock, with a total value reported between $50,001 and $100,000.
Tempus Jumps Over 185% In MonthsOn Jan. 16, 2025, just after the transaction, Tempus AI's closing stock price was $34.75 per share.
By early October, the stock price had soared to $99.28, representing a gain of 185.69% in under nine months.
Price ActionShares of Tempus AI fell 3.85% to end at $99.28 per share on Thursday, and fell by 0.081% in after-hours.

[MSFT] The Smartest Growth Stock to Buy With $200 Right Now: This growth stock is a no-brainer buy if you have $200 to spare right now.
Buying and holding solid growth stocks for a long time is a tried and tested way of making money in the stock market.
Nvidia (NVDA -4.84%) is a classic example of what a smart growth stock can do for your portfolio.
Nvidia's AI-fueled growth isn't going to stop anytime soonArtificial intelligence (AI) has been the single most important catalyst for Nvidia's surge.
Given that Nvidia is now trading at 30 times forward earnings, investors are getting a good deal on this AI stock.

[MSFT] Rezolve Ai PLC Announces Shareholder Transfer to a New Global Institutional Investor: NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rezolve Ai PLC (NASDAQ: RZLV) (“Rezolve Ai” or the “Company”) today announced that DBLP Sea Cow Limited, a shareholder associated with the estate of the late John Wagner and Rezolve Chairman and CEO Dan Wagner, has transferred 10.6 million ordinary shares of Rezolve Ai to a new leading global long-hold fundamentals-driven Institutional Investor.
The estate, through DBLP Sea Cow Limited, continues to retain a significant long-term shareholding in Rezolve Ai.
Rezolve Ai Chairman and CEO Daniel M. Wagner commented:“This transaction reflects a responsible and structured estate administration following my late father’s passing.
Its solutions enable businesses to harness AI for smarter customer experiences and operational efficiency.
With foundational partnerships with Microsoft, Google, and Tether, Rezolve Ai is positioned to drive innovation across the $30 trillion global retail market.

[MSFT] Tech megacaps lose $770 billion in value as Nasdaq suffers steepest drop since April: Jensen Huang, CEO of Nvidia, speaking with CNBC's Jim Cramer during a CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer event at the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 7th, 2025.
Shares of Amazon , Nvidia and Tesla each dropped around 5% on Friday, as tech's megacaps lost $770 billion in market cap, following President Donald Trump's threats for increased tariffs on Chinese goods.
With tech's trillion-dollar companies occupying an increasingly large slice of the U.S. market, their declines send the Nasdaq down 3.6% and the S&P 500 down 2.7%.
For both indexes, it was the worst day since April, when Trump said he would slap "reciprocal" duties on U.S. trading partners.
Amazon, Nvidia and Tesla all slipped about 2% in extended trading following the post.

[MSFT] Slater Vecchio files a class action lawsuit against several large gaming companies over allegations of serious violations of children's privacy rights: MONTREAL, Oct. 10, 2025 /CNW/ - The Application alleges that mobile games aimed at children are offered without any real control over the collection and sharing of their personal data.
Companies that exploit or expose minors' data compromise not only their immediate privacy, but also their digital futures.
The Plaintiff is the parent to a 14-year-old child and is particularly concerned with the privacy policies of the games her child plays.
Parents of children in Quebec affected by this issue are strongly encouraged to come forward.
SOURCE Slater Vecchio LLP

[MSFT] Could This Overlooked Infrastructure Stock Be the Market's Next Multibagger?: There are multiple ways investors can capitalize on the lucrative AI infrastructure opportunity.
Specifically, Dell's infrastructure solutions group (ISG) segment includes sales of storage, server, and networking equipment deployed in data centers.
This business has been gaining impressive traction thanks to the rapidly growing demand for AI servers.
That's because the orders for Dell's AI servers are flowing in at a healthy clip.
It received $5.6 billion worth of new AI server orders last quarter, which brought its AI server order backlog to $11.7 billion.

[MSFT] Tech Stocks Are In A '1996 Moment', Not A 1999-Style Bubble, Dan Ives Says - Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1  ( NASDAQ:QQQ ) , SPDR Select Sector Fund - Technology  ( ARCA:XLK ) , Wedbush Series Trust Dan IVES Wedbush AI Revolution ETF  ( ARCA:IVES ) : That's the message from Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives, who argues the recent pullback in Big Tech is a buying opportunity, not the start of a dot-com-style bust.
In his view, this is "a 1996 Moment… and NOT a 1999 Moment."
Track the Big Tech stocks via the QQQ here.
This bullish view is reflected in tech ETFs like the Invesco QQQ Trust (NASDAQ:QQQ), Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLK), and Dan IVES Wedbush AI Revolution ETF (NYSE:IVES), which track semiconductors, software, and AI infrastructure names.
Ives' advice is simple: buy the tech winners, including exposure through diversified tech ETFs like QQQ, XLK, and IVES, rather than getting rattled by short-term market noise.

[MSFT] Wall Street Drops From Record Highs After Trump Warns Of 'Massive' Tariffs On China: The Week In Markets - Advanced Micro Devices  ( NASDAQ:AMD ) : The market's unstoppable rally hit a wall on Friday as President Donald Trump's renewed tariff threats against China triggered a broad sell-off across risk assets.
Trump accused Beijing of "hostile behavior," alleging China was preparing to impose export controls on rare earth materials.
The president warned that the U.S. would "financially counter" the move and is considering a "massive increase of tariffs" on Chinese imports.
The remarks caught markets by surprise, reversing optimism that had pushed stocks to record highs earlier in the week.
After announcing a partnership with OpenAI, AMD shares rocketed 35% on the week – the best since 2016.

[MSFT] Crypto Biz: Bitcoin's corporate moment, ICE's bold bet, Tether's expanding footprint: Bitcoin tops $126,000 as Strategy's BTC hoard swells. ICE backs Polymarket. Rezolve AI buys Smartpay. Plume gains SEC transfer-agent status.

[MSFT] Prediction: The Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF Will Soar Over the Next 8 Years. Here's the No. 1 Reason Why.: Nearly every expert agrees that artificial intelligence spending is going to soar.
With so many companies vying for a slice of the pie, picking out the most likely potential winners in this emerging technological sphere can be a challenge.
And among those that focus on this part of the market, the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF (CHAT -5.03%) could be your best bet for one obvious reason.
Investing in the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF is a great way to make sure your portfolio benefits from the ongoing rise in spending on AI technologies.
But generative AI -- the category of AI this ETF focuses most on -- is growing faster than the AI industry overall.

[MSFT] 2 Stocks to Watch From the Prospering Computer Industry: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[MSFT] Princeton Dumps $2.8 Million Worth of Tapestry  ( NYSE: TPR )  Shares, Keeps Position: Princeton Global Asset Management LLC cut its stake in Tapestry (TPR -4.63%), selling 26,534 shares during the quarter, an estimated $2.78 million trade based on the average price for the quarter.
The estimated value of the shares sold was approximately $2.78 million, based on the average trading price during the period.
The firm ended the quarter holding 54,082 shares worth $6.12 million.
What else to knowThe reduction moves Tapestry to 1.02% of Princeton Global Asset Management's 13F assets under management.
Foolish takeWhile the Foolish ideology is typically to avoid trimming winning positions, Princeton's decision to sell a little bit of its Tapestry stock makes a lot of sense.

[MSFT] What Is One of the Best Artificial Intelligence  ( AI )  Stocks to Buy Now?: This tech "Swiss Army Knife" is in a good partnership with a key AI player.
There is no shortage of artificial intelligence (AI) stocks on the market nowadays.
However, not all AI stocks are created equal, and I'd argue that many of these companies are only propped up by the current AI hype.
In my opinion, it's undoubtedly one of the best AI stocks to buy now.
Boosting them with AI features can strengthen their value proposition.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] Signal Advisors Trims $23 Million NASDAQ-100 ETF Stake Amid Tech Stock Rally: On Thursday, Signal Advisors Wealth disclosed selling 98,307 shares of the Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) in an estimated $23.2 million transaction, according to its latest SEC filing.
Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) offers investors targeted exposure to the NASDAQ-100 Index, focusing on leading nonfinancial companies with significant market capitalization.
After unloading nearly 100,000 shares, QQQM now accounts for just 0.5% of reportable assets, down from a level that once rivaled its top equity positions.
Index replication: A strategy where a fund aims to mirror the performance and holdings of a specific market index.
NASDAQ-100 Index: A stock market index of 100 major nonfinancial companies listed on the NASDAQ exchange.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] UiPath Stock Rockets 40% on AI Agent Innovation Buzz - UiPath  ( NYSE:PATH ) : UiPath, Inc. (NYSE:PATH) shares climbed 40% this week on a series of major positive catalysts including new partnerships and industry recognition.
Investor sentiment shifted higher following news of integrations and collaboration with leading AI companies, driving strong momentum for UiPath stock.
Strategic AI PartnershipsUiPath recently announced a big collaboration with OpenAI to accelerate customers' return on investment by simplifying the development and deployment of AI agents.
The partnerships boosted the capabilities of UiPath's automation platform and put it on the leading edge of AI development.
PATH Price ActionUiPath shares hit a 52-week high of $18.74 on Thursday, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] In-Depth Analysis: Microsoft Versus Competitors In Software Industry - Microsoft  ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) : In this article, we will undertake a comprehensive industry comparison, evaluating Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and its primary competitors in the Software industry.
The Price to Sales ratio is 13.84 , which is 0.74x the industry average.
The company has a higher Return on Equity (ROE) of 8.19% , which is 1.13% above the industry average.
Considering the debt-to-equity ratio in industry comparisons allows for a concise evaluation of a company's financial health and risk profile, aiding in informed decision-making.
Key TakeawaysFor Microsoft in the Software industry, the PE, PB, and PS ratios are all low compared to peers, indicating potential undervaluation.

[MSFT] World's Smartest Banker Sees 30% Chance of Stock Market Correction but Here Is What He Is Not Telling You - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Correction TriggerPlease click here for a chart of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) which represents the benchmark stock market index S&P 500 (SPX).
Note the following:The chart shows the stock market is way above the 200 day moving average (shown in yellow).
Here are the key points from what Dimon is saying: Dimon thinks the chance of a correction is much higher than what is generally believed.
Dimon says that if others think the chance of a correction is 10%, he thinks the chance of correction is 30%.
In our analysis, here is what is very important that Dimon is not saying: Dimon represents smart money, but the stock market is controlled by the momo crowd.

[MSFT] Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: First Solar: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] Wilsey Nearly Liquidates its Entire $41.3 Million Tapestry  ( NYSE: TPR )  Position: What happenedAccording to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission dated October 8, 2025, Wilsey Asset Management sold 394,937 shares of Tapestry during the quarter.
The estimated value of the trade was $41.33 million based on the quarter’s average share price.
Following the transaction, the firm’s remaining stake in Tapestry is 2,606 shares, with a value of $295,051 as of quarter-end.
Tapestry stock essentially traded sideways for nearly two decades, seeing a $30 share price in 2005 and $30 share price again in 2024.
Dividend yield: Annual dividends paid by a company divided by its share price, expressed as a percentage.

[MSFT] Cineverse Wins DEG EnTech Emerging Technology Award for cineSearch, Powered by Matchpoint™ - Cineverse  ( NASDAQ:CNVS ) : 5th Annual EnTech Awards from the Digital Entertainment Group Recognize InnovationLOS ANGELES, Oct. 10, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Cineverse Corp (NASDAQ:CNVS), a next-generation entertainment studio, was honored at the 5th annual EnTech Awards .
The awards were presented by DEG: The Digital Entertainment Group at a ceremony in Los Angeles.
In the Emerging Technology category — which honors a company for creating a new, consumer-facing technology that will likely positively affect the future of digital entertainment — Cineverse was recognized for the development of cineSearch.
Powered by Matchpoint™ , cineSearch is a revolutionary, AI-powered content search and discovery platform that is available to consumers ( www.cinesearch.com ) and for commercial licensing to OEMs and streaming platforms ( cinesearch.com/business ).
In addition to cineSearch's win at the EnTech Awards, Huidor was recognized as a finalist in the Technology Leadership category.

[MSFT] Microsoft's AI Supercluster Could Spark A Cloud Bull Run; AMZN Chart Shows Bullish Setup - Microsoft  ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : MSFT unveils its Nvidia GB300-powered datacenter fleet as compute demand surges, AMZN chart breaks higher; China keeps fueling the chip race.
Microsoft Datacenter is Bullish for CloudMicrosoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled a new AI supercomputing cluster powered by Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) GB300s with over 4,600 GPUs, using next-gen InfiniBand networking.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] Peter Thiel Reportedly Warned Elon Musk To Rethink Donating His Wealth: 'Much Worse To Give It To Bill Gates' - Microsoft  ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) , Meta Platforms  ( NASDAQ:META ) : Billionaire venture capitalist Peter Thiel reportedly advised his long-time associate, Elon Musk, to reconsider quitting the Giving Pledge, under which signatories would donate most of their wealth charity.
Thiel Wary Of Antichrist, Report SaysThiel, in a series of lectures given in San Francisco last month, expressed his concerns about the potential emergence of an “Antichrist” figure on the global stage, according to a report by Reuters.
As a technology investor, he is known for betting early on Facebook, now called Meta Platforms (NASDAQ:META), and for co-founding software company Palantir (NASDAQ:PLTR).
Thiel also shared an anecdote about how he warned Musk that his wealth might end up with “left-wing non-profits that will be chosen by Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) co-founder Bill Gates.
“You know, it would be much worse to give it to Bill Gates,” Thiel quipped back.

[MSFT] Super League Announces Exclusive Partnership with ES3 to Deliver Branded Gamified Content Experiences Across Connected TV and Pay TV Platforms: This partnership combines ES3’s advanced CTV media capabilities with Super League’s track record of delivering successful advertising programs that drive results through gameplay.
Leveraging the INGAGE interactive advertising platform, Super League and ES3 are redefining campaign effectiveness, helping brands stand out, drive purchase intent, and unlock direct monetization opportunities.
In an attention-driven world, Super League makes brands relevant by making them playable.
About ES3™ES3 is the leader in interactive TV application experiences for TV.
Super League Investor Relations Contact:Shannon Devine / Mark SchwalenbergMZ North AmericaMain: 203-741-8811SLE@mzgroup.us

[MSFT] Super League Announces Exclusive Partnership with ES3 to Deliver Branded Gamified Content Experiences Across Connected TV and Pay TV Platforms: This partnership combines ES3’s advanced CTV media capabilities with Super League’s track record of delivering successful advertising programs that drive results through gameplay.
Leveraging the INGAGE interactive advertising platform, Super League and ES3 are redefining campaign effectiveness, helping brands stand out, drive purchase intent, and unlock direct monetization opportunities.
In an attention-driven world, Super League makes brands relevant by making them playable.
About ES3™ES3 is the leader in interactive TV application experiences for TV.
Super League Investor Relations Contact:Shannon Devine / Mark SchwalenbergMZ North AmericaMain: 203-741-8811SLE@mzgroup.us

[MSFT] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: A push higher could lift price into 672.65, with continued momentum driving toward 673.80 and 674.95.
If strength persists, SPY may extend into 676.10 and 677.25 as traders look to squeeze additional gains before the weekend.
A lift above could send price into 254.45 and 255.40, with continued strength pushing toward 256.35.
Continued strength may bring 196.80 into play, with a bullish stretch carrying toward 197.85 and 198.95.
A move higher could target 437.10 and 438.65, with continued strength pushing into 440.25.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] Rezolve Ai Confirms Minimal Dilution from Foundational Acquisitions: “These two acquisitions have placed key chess pieces on our board,” said Daniel M. Wagner, CEO of Rezolve Ai.
With foundational partnerships with Microsoft, Google, and Tether, Rezolve Ai is positioned to drive innovation across the $30 trillion global retail market.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements, including expectations regarding Rezolve Ai’s M&A strategy and the creation of agentic commerce.
Additional information regarding risks and uncertainties facing Rezolve Ai is included in the Company’s filings with the SEC.
Rezolve Ai undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

[MSFT] Rezolve Ai Confirms Minimal Dilution from Foundational Acquisitions - Rezolve AI  ( NASDAQ:RZLV ) : Smartpay and Subsquid Together Cost at Closing of Approximately $10 Million in Cash and One Million Shares Acquisitions Establish Core Data and Payment Layers for Rezolve's Agentic Commerce Platform

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] 1 Vanguard ETF to Invest In That Can Turn $500 Monthly Into $800,000: There's one Vanguard ETF in particular that has shown its potential to take relatively small monthly investments and turn them into a nice amount over time.
It's the Vanguard Growth ETF (VUG -3.28%), one of Vanguard's best-performing ETFs over the past decade.
With $500 monthly investments, you could potentially see your investment grow to around $800,000 in just a couple of decades.
How $500 monthly could turn into $800,000Since its January 2004 inception, VUG is averaging 11% annual returns (12%, including dividends).
However, if we assume it averages 12% annual returns, here's how much $500 monthly investments could grow over different time spans:Years Investment Total 10 $105,088 15 $222,959 20 $430,315 25 $795,096 30 $1.463 millionIf VUG continues its 16% annual average, $500 monthly investments would reach $800,000 in around 21 years.

[MSFT] Samsung Returns To Nvidia Supply Chain After 19 Months - Samsung Electronics Co  ( OTC:SSNLF ) , NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : On Thursday, Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) approved Samsung Electronics' (OTC:SSNLF) fifth-generation HBM3E memory for its GB300 artificial intelligence accelerator.
The move signals Samsung's return to Nvidia's supply chain after nearly 19 months, according to Korean analyst Jukanlosreve.
Jukanlosreve tweeted on Thursday that Nvidia has approved Samsung Electronics' fifth-generation high-bandwidth memory (HBM3E) memory for its GB300 AI accelerator, marking Samsung's return to Nvidia's supply chain after nearly 19 months.
The approval follows years of setbacks for Samsung, including public critiques from Huang and multiple redesigns of the HBM3E chips.
Samsung subsidiaries, including SDS, C&T, and Heavy Industries, are exploring collaborations with OpenAI on floating data centers and advanced infrastructure.

[MSFT] Prediction: The Vanguard Information Technology ETF  ( VGT )  Will Surge Over the Next 10 Years. Here's 1 Reason Why.: So consider simplifying your life and just investing in a tech-focused exchange-traded fund (ETF) such as the Vanguard Information Technology ETF (VGT -4.05%).
To whet your appetite, here's a breakdown of the Vanguard Information Technology ETF's long-term performance, contrasted with the performance of an S&P 500 index fund, in this case, the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO -2.68%).
AverageAnnualized Return VanguardS&P 500 ETF Vanguard InformationTechnology ETF 5 years 16.63% 20.50% 10 years 14.99% 23.24% 15 years 14.55% 20.28%To be clear, a simple, low-fee S&P 500 index fund like VOO is also worth your consideration.
During periods that feature big market pullbacks, which can begin at any time, the broader S&P 500 is likely to pull back less sharply than a tech-heavy fund.
And the S&P 500 has delivered solid average annual gains of close to 10% over long periods.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[MSFT] Should iShares Nasdaq Top 30 Stocks ETF  ( QTOP )  Be on Your Investing Radar?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[MSFT] Is ALPS  ( OUSA )  a Strong ETF Right Now?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[MSFT] Better Buy: Amazon vs. Target: Amazon and Target are badly underperforming the S&P 500 in 2025.
With the major indexes at all-time highs, some investors may be looking at Amazon and Target as compelling values in today's premium-priced market.
In the second quarter of 2025, the company's North America and international segments (both of which focus largely on e-commerce) delivered double-digit percentage sales growth.
Amazon subsidiary Zoox already offers robotaxi services in Las Vegas, with San Francisco its next target market.
In the meantime, Target stock is dirt cheap, and its dividend is compelling.

[MSFT] Is Broadcom the Next Nvidia?: Broadcom is already a $1.6 trillion company, but could it find its way near the top and become the next Nvidia?
Additionally, because the end user is working directly with Broadcom, these units are far cheaper than anything from Nvidia.
Time will tell how well Broadcom's XPUs do, but I'd wager that Broadcom's AI semiconductor division will grow faster than Nvidia for the foreseeable future.
However, because Broadcom is far more diversified than Nvidia, it won't deliver the same explosive growth.
Although Broadcom is an excellent pick, I still think Nvidia will outperform it through 2026.

[MSFT] 5 Monster Stocks to Hold for the Next 20 Years: If you want to buy tech stocks that you can comfortably hold for the next two decades, you need to find companies with wide moats and the ability to adapt.
Alphabet also branched out into cloud computing, and built YouTube into a massive global platform.
The unmatched diversity of its product offerings and its ability to quickly get goods to its customers have provided it with a wide moat.
It also gave birth to the cloud computing industry with its launch of Amazon Web Services (AWS).
It shifted from a boxed-software company to a software-as-a-service (SaaS) company with Microsoft 365, and has also become a cloud computing leader with Azure.

[MSFT] 3 AI ETFs to Buy Now for the Coming Tech Revolution: Here are three AI ETFs to buy now for the coming tech revolution.
This ETF's annual expense ratio is 0.68%, which is higher than many passive index ETFs.
BlackRock's investment team researches the fundamentals of global AI and technology stocks without excluding any based solely on their market cap.
ROBO Global Robotics & Automation ETFIf you want to invest more heavily in robotics, the ROBO Global Robotics & Automation ETF (ROBO 0.20%) could be right up your alley.
ROBO Global and Exchange Traded Concepts launched it on Oct. 21, 2013, making it one of the oldest AI ETFs on the market.

[MSFT] Prediction: This AI Infrastructure Stock Could Quietly Become a Market Leader: It won't be surprising to see CoreWeave becoming a leader in the AI infrastructure market in the long run.
It is worth noting that CoreWeave was sitting on a $30.1 billion revenue backlog at the end of the second quarter.
To put things in perspective, CoreWeave is fast catching up to Oracle (ORCL -1.35%) in the cloud AI infrastructure market.
Oracle's cloud infrastructure revenue is expected to jump by 77% in the ongoing fiscal year to $18 billion.
CoreWeave's backlog, its capacity expansion efforts, and the incredible opportunity in the cloud infrastructure market could eventually help it outpace Oracle's growth.

[MSFT] Stock Split Watch: Is This Magnificent Seven Stock  ( That's Never Done a Split )  Next?: All of the Magnificent Seven stocks -- except one -- have this in common: They've each completed at least one stock split at some point in time.
So, a stock split doesn't change anything fundamental, but it does help bring a soaring stock price back down to Earth.
Though a stock split on its own isn't a reason to buy a particular player, investors still keep a close eye on potential stock split candidates.
And that's why, right now, it's logical to wonder if the one Magnificent Seven company that's never done a split might be next on the list... Let's consider the possibility.
Following this stock price momentum, and some of these players have chosen to complete a stock split.

[MSFT] Can Nvidia's Stock Still Be a 10-Bagger Investment in the Future?: Given Nvidia's dominance in the tech sector and the importance that its chips play in artificial intelligence (AI) and its future growth, could this stock that has already grown in value so much still be a potential 10-bagger investment if you add it to your portfolio today?
While there is potential for Nvidia to be a 10-bagger investment, that doesn't mean that it will be a smooth path ahead.
At such a premium, the stock has a lot of growth already priced into its valuation, which could result in limited returns in the future.
Nvidia is a top AI stock, but I'm not convinced that it will still yield tenfold returns from where it is today.
That being said, it can still prove to be a good long-term investment even if it doesn't generate 10-bagger returns.

[MSFT] Is Alphabet Stock Still a Buy Below $250?: Despite this strong stock performance, Alphabet stock still trades at a price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) below the S&P 500 (^GSPC -2.71%) average, and significantly below its peers.
Does this make Alphabet stock a buy today, as it trades just below $250 a share?
Is Alphabet stock a buy below $250?
At just under $250, Alphabet stock now trades at a market cap of $3 trillion.
With steady growth at Google Search, explosive growth at Google Cloud, and viral engagement with Gemini, Alphabet stock still looks cheap today due to its below-market earnings ratio.

[MSFT] Prediction: This AI Stock Could Become a Household Name by 2030: Diversified end markets could make this AI stock popular in the long run, and that could send its shares soaring.
Nvidia's AI chips are primarily deployed in data centers for running AI workloads in the cloud.
Specifically, AMD's client CPU market share stood at 23.9% in the second quarter of 2025 as compared to 21.1% in the same period last year.
In fact, AMD just received a major boost in the AI data center market thanks to OpenAI.
AMD stock rocketed higher following this announcement, and there is a good chance that it can sustain this momentum in the long run.

[MSFT] Prediction: These 4 Artificial Intelligence  ( AI )  Stocks Will Be Worth More Than $7 Trillion by 2030: In fact, I predict that at least four artificial intelligence (AI) stocks will be worth more than $7 trillion by 2030.
The giant GPU maker is already the world's highest-valued company with a market cap of $4.5 trillion.
Over the last five years, Nvidia's market cap and share price have soared roughly 1,250%.
Worries that generative AI would present an existential threat to Google Search were overblown.
First, it must beef up its generative AI capabilities.

[MSFT] Google Tightens 'Work From Anywhere' Policy, With Even 1 Remote Day Counting As Full Week: Report - Citigroup  ( NYSE:C ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : Under the new rule, even a single day of remote work outside an employee's primary office location will now count as a full week against their annual WFA allowance.
"Whether you log 1 WFA day or 5 WFA days in a given standard work week, 1 WFA week will be deducted from your WFA weekly balance," the internal memo stated.
The policy, introduced during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, allowed Google employees to work remotely for up to four weeks per year from a different location.
Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk has called remote work "morally wrong," arguing that it creates an unfair divide between office and factory workers.
By contrast, Zillow Group Inc. (NASDAQ:Z) and Citigroup (NYSE:C) have continued to embrace flexible or hybrid work, with Citi offering two fully remote weeks in August for eligible employees.

[LUNR] Why Intuitive Machines Stock Just Popped: Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%) stock scored a 2.5% increase through 11:45 a.m.
Intuitive Machines explains that the Level 3 rating "demonstrates that Intuitive Machines meets NASA's standards for Class A human spaceflight together with well-defined and consistently applied engineering processes."
Is Intuitive Machines stock a buy?
Does this single software rating mean you should buy Intuitive Machines stock?
Intuitive Machines needs to hit all those marks to be a buy in my book.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Receives CMMI Maturity Level 3 Rating for Software Development: HOUSTON, Oct. 07, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Intuitive Machines, Inc. (Nasdaq: LUNR, “Intuitive Machines,” or the “Company”), a leading space technology and infrastructure services company, today announced it has been appraised at Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI®) Maturity Level 3 for software development.
In addition to meeting the requirements for this maturity level, the rating demonstrates that Intuitive Machines meets NASA’s standards for Class A human spaceflight together with well-defined and consistently applied engineering processes.
A CMMI appraisal at Maturity Level 3 indicates that Intuitive Machines’ software development processes are well characterized and understood and are clearly described in standards, procedures, tools, and methods.
CMMI serves as a preferred benchmark for measuring and improving software engineering process maturity at NASA Centers to support NASA’s software engineering requirements.
“Receiving a CMMI Level 3 rating reflects our ongoing commitment to disciplined engineering practices and continuous improvement,” said Intuitive Machines Vice President of Engineering, James Blakeslee.

[LUNR] Top 2 Industrials Stocks That Are Ticking Portfolio Bombs - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) , Empro Group  ( NASDAQ:EMPG ) : Plug Power Inc (NASDAQ:PLUG)Plug announced Wednesday that it delivered its first 10-megawatt electrolyzer to Galp’s Sines refinery in Portugal.
The company's stock gained around 90% over the past month and has a 52-week high of $3.32.
RSI Value: 73.973.9 PLUG Price Action: Shares of Plug Power fell 3.4% to close at $2.83 on Thursday.
Intuitive Machines Inc (NASDAQ:LUNR)On Oct. 1, Intuitive Machines completed its previously announced acquisition of KinetX, Inc. “By uniting deep space navigation and data services, we’re giving customers the confidence to securely operate across the solar system with precision and autonomy so they can explore and innovate faster,” said Intuitive Machines CEO, Steve Altemus.
RSI Value: 79.679.6 LUNR Price Action: Shares of Intuitive Machines gained 5.8% to close at $11.22 on Thursday.

[LUNR] Space Stock News: Firefly Explodes, ASTS Ready To Fly And More - AST SpaceMobile  ( NASDAQ:ASTS ) : Space stocks have been moving in response to news catalysts, including a major explosion, new contracts, and upcoming launches.
We learn from each test to improve our designs and build a more reliable system,” the company said in a statement.
BlueBird 6 officially starts the company's next-gen launch campaign, with BlueBird 7 expected to ship to the Cape Canaveral launch site later this month.
Barclays raised its price target on ASTS stock from $37 to $60 on the news, according to The Fly.
ASTS stock was up 8% on Wednesday, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Completes KinetX Acquisition - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : HOUSTON, Oct. 01, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Intuitive Machines, Inc. ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) ( "Intuitive Machines" or the "Company" ) , a leading space technology, infrastructure, and services company, has completed its previously announced acquisition of KinetX, Inc. ( "KinetX" ) , which specializes ...

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Virgin Galactic, AST, Rocket Lab Climb - Rocket Lab  ( NASDAQ:RKLB ) : Space stocks were trending across social media and one company's stock was down after a disappointing earnings report.
Rocket Lab – RKLBRocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) CEO Peter Beck told Space.com that he is interested in collaborations with NASA on Mars and Venus exploration missions.
AST SpaceMobile – ASTSAST SpaceMobile, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTS) shares were trending on social media and trading higher on heavy volume Tuesday.
AST SpaceMobile president Scott Wisniewski spoke at the World Space Business Week in Paris on Monday.
Read More: Snap Stock Goes Full Meme—Buyout Rumors Meet Retail’s RoarVirgin Galactic – SPCEVirgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SPCE) shares climbed 17% on Tuesday on heavy trading volume, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Rocket Lab Tumbles, Project Kuiper Q1 - Rocket Lab  ( NASDAQ:RKLB ) : Space stocks have recovered some recent losses lately, with one major exception that has fallen after a new offering of common stock.
Rocket Lab – RKLBRocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) shares fell Tuesday after the company announced an offering of up to $750 million of its common stock.
The company had already offered and sold $396.6 million of its common stock under that agreement before replacing it with the latest offering.
Rocket Lab stock was recovering a bit in early trading on Wednesday.
AST SpaceMobile – ASTSAST SpaceMobile, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTS) shares have recovered some recent losses and gained 8% over the past five days.

[LUNR] Space Stocks: Planet Labs Q2, EchoStar Deal, AST SpaceMobile - Planet Labs  ( NYSE:PL ) : SpaceX, EchoStar — SATSEchoStar Corp. (NASDAQ:SATS) announced Monday that it has agreed to sell its AWS-4 and H-block spectrum licenses to Elon Musk's SpaceX in a deal valued at about $17 billion.
The agreement includes up to $8.5 billion in cash and up to $8.5 billion in SpaceX stock.
AST SpaceMobile — ASTSAST SpaceMobile, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTS) shares continued to sell off and were down 25% over the past week, according to data from Benzinga Pro.
On Tuesday, UBS analyst Christopher Schoell downgraded AST SpaceMobile stock from Buy to Neutral and lowered the price target from $62 to $43.
Rocket Lab — RKLBRocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) requested the dismissal of a class action lawsuit filed by investors for alleged misrepresentations regarding the company’s Neutron reusable rocket.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Rocket Lab, StarLink And More - Rocket Lab  ( NASDAQ:RKLB ) : Rocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) announced the opening of Launch Complex 3 and President Donald Trump said that he will move the headquarters of U.S. Space Command.
Rocket Lab – RKLBLast week, Rocket Lab opened its Launch Complex 3 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) in Virginia, managed by the Virginia Spaceport Authority.
The Neutron rocket will support commercial satellite constellations, security applications, interplanetary missions and human spaceflight, according to Rocket Lab.
Rocket Lab stock was trading around $47.30 per share on Tuesday, after gaining more than 130% over the past six months.
AST SpaceMobile – ASTSAST SpaceMobile, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTS) shares were mostly flat over the past week and down nearly 5% over the past month, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

[LUNR] Peering Into Intuitive Machines's Recent Short Interest - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : Intuitive Machines's LUNR short percent of float has risen 27.31% since its last report. The company recently reported that it has 24.21 million shares sold short, which is 21.63% of all regular shares that are available for trading.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Rocket Lab Launches, Starlink Outages - Rocket Lab  ( NASDAQ:RKLB ) : The space stock sector got a much-needed boost last Friday as the broader market rallied following comments from Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell, who suggested rate cuts could lie ahead.
Here’s a look at recent launches and stock performances in the space sector.
Rocket Lab – RKLBOn Saturday, Rocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) successfully completed its 70th Electron launch, named "Live, Laugh, Launch," less than three weeks after Electron’s previous mission.
Rocket Lab stock was up nearly 7% last Friday as markets rallied following surprisingly dovish remarks from Fed Chair Jerome Powell.
Just hours before last Monday’s outage, SpaceX had successfully launched another batch of Starlink satellites from California’s Vandenberg Space Force Base.

[LUNR] A1R WATER, the Groundbreaking Atmospheric Water Generation Company, to Go Public on Nasdaq through Business Combination with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. III - Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. III - Rights  ( NASDAQ:IPCXR ) , Inflection Point Acq  ( NASDAQ:IPCX ) : A1R WATER builds, owns and operates water farms and bottling plants where they package and sell finished beverage products to a marquee list of hotels, real estate developers, events venues and sports teams Proposed transaction values A1R WATER at a pro forma enterprise value of $419 million

[LUNR] A1R WATER, the Groundbreaking Atmospheric Water Generation Company, to Go Public on Nasdaq through Business Combination with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. III: Since its founding, A1R WATER has successfully expanded in the United Arab Emirates, with more than 60 million gallons of water per year generated since January 2024 by A1R WATER systems for a marquee list of hotel groups, office and event venues.
“A1R WATER has made incredible progress over the past few years, particularly in proving out our proprietary technology, asset mix and ability to scale,” said Peter Carr, Chief Executive Officer of A1R WATER.
This assumes a $300 million pre-money valuation of A1R WATER, including a 100% rollover of A1R WATER equity and excludes any amounts in the IPCX trust account.
Inflection Point and A1R WATER anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Inflection Point’s and A1R WATER’s assessments to change.
However, while Inflection Point and A1R WATER may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Inflection Point and A1R WATER specifically disclaim any obligation to do so.

[LUNR] 3 Top Bargain Stocks Ready for a Bull Run: ChargePoint, Intuitive Machines, and BYD still look like bargains in this frothy market.
Let's take a look at three of those stocks: ChargePoint Holdings (CHPT -8.83%), Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%), and BYD (BYDDY -5.33%).
ChargePointChargePoint is one of the largest builders of electric vehicle (EV) charging networks in the U.S. and Europe.
Both of those missions encountered some technical issues, but NASA still awarded Intuitive with additional contracts to complement its core lunar lander contract.
Intuitive Machines plans to launch its next lunar lander, IM-3, in 2026.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Rocket Lab, AST SpaceMobile, Intuitive Machines, Project Kuiper - Rocket Lab  ( NASDAQ:RKLB ) : Here’s a look at recent highlights and earnings reports in the space stock sector.
Rocket Lab – RKLBLast Tuesday, Rocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) completed the acquisition of electro-optical and infrared (EO/IR) payload development and manufacturing company Geost for $275 million in cash and stock.
Intuitive Machines said it anticipates net proceeds of approximately $291.8 million, or $333.5 million if the purchasers exercise the option to purchase additional notes in full.
Project Kuiper – AMZNProject Kuiper, the Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) satellite internet initiative, conducted a launch last Monday using a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Space Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida.
The launch successfully deployed 24 additional Kuiper satellites into low Earth orbit, bringing the current constellation to 102 satellites in under four months.

[LUNR] Why Intuitive Machines Stock Just Blew a Gasket: Intuitive Machines raised the specter of more stock dilution this morning -- and also raised at least $335 million in new cash.
Shares of Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%), owner of the first U.S. lunar lander to land on the moon in the past 50 years, tumbled 11.5% through 9:40 a.m.
But demand for the offering was so strong that this morning, Intuitive said it will sell $300 million instead.
But what about the upside that might make Intuitive Machines stock a buy?
Is Intuitive Machines stock a buy?

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Announces Upsize and Pricing of Private Offering of $300 Million of Convertible Senior Notes Due 2030 - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : HOUSTON, Aug. 13, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Intuitive Machines, Inc.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Announces Upsize and Pricing of Private Offering of $300 Million of Convertible Senior Notes Due 2030: The Notes Offering is expected to close on August 18, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.
Intuitive Machines intends to use approximately $32.0 million of the net proceeds from the Notes Offering to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described below.
Intuitive Machines intends to use the remaining net proceeds from the Notes Offering for general corporate purposes, including operations, research and development and potential acquisitions.
Intuitive Machines will settle conversions of Notes by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of Intuitive Machines’ Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, at Intuitive Machines’ election.
These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements regarding: our anticipated use of net proceeds from the Notes Offering and the satisfaction of closing conditions related to the Notes Offering.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines  ( LUNR )  Stock Is Tumbling After Hours: Here's Why - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : Intuitive Machines Inc (NASDAQ:LUNR) shares are falling in extended trading on Wednesday after the company announced a proposed private offering.
CEO Steve Altemus said in the company’s earnings release last week that Intuitive Machines continues to “remain opportunistic” about potential strategic M&A opportunities.
Intuitive Machines had approximately $344.9 million of total cash and cash equivalents as of June 30.
LUNR Price Action: Intuitive Machines shares were down 10.01% in after-hours on Wednesday, trading at $9.43 at the time of publication, according to Benzinga Pro.
Read Next:Photo: courtesy of Intuitive Machines.

[LUNR] Investing in Space: Space IPOs are rearing their heads again: CNBC's Investing in Space newsletter offers a view into the business of space exploration and privatization, delivered straight to your inbox.
But the gentle trickle of space IPOs since the start of the year, after a dearth of listings in recent years, isn't going unnoticed.
"A global IPO market rebound hinges on more cooperative trade frameworks, accommodative monetary policy, controlled inflation and geopolitical de-escalation," EY noted.
Space companies, by definition, tick at least some of those boxes.
"American space companies are well-insulated from tariffs on the revenue side, especially when predictable income streams are provided by U.S. Government contracts - a common feature for defense-adjacent firms," he told CNBC by email.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Firefly's IPO Lights Up Wall Street And Earnings Reports Roll In - Firefly Aerospace  ( NASDAQ:FLY ) : Here’s a look at recent highlights and earnings reports in the space stock sector.
Firefly's IPO – FLYFirefly Aerospace, Inc. (NASDAQ:FLY) completed its upsized IPO on Thursday, raising $868 million by selling 19.3 million shares at $45 each.
Read Next: Palantir’s Alex Karp Tells Haters To ‘Read ‘Em And Weep’Intuitive Machines – LUNRIntuitive Machines, Inc. (NASDAQ:LUNR) reported second-quarter revenue of $50.31 million on Thursday morning.
Virgin Galactic – SPCEVirgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SPCE) reported second-quarter revenue of $406,000 on Wednesday, missing estimates of $540,000.
The aerospace and space travel company reported a second-quarter loss of $1.47 per share, beating estimates for a loss of $2.22 per share.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines  ( LUNR )  Sales Up 21%: Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%), a space technology company specializing in lunar landers and in-space infrastructure, released its Q2 2025 results on August 7, 2025.
The company reported revenue (GAAP) of $50.3 million, up 21% compared to Q2 2024, but notably short of the GAAP consensus estimate of $67.7 million.
Quarterly Highlights: Growth, Partnerships, and ChallengesIntuitive Machines reported GAAP revenue below analyst expectations, partially offset by its strategic decision to align satellite delivery with Mission 3.
The company collaborated with Space Forge on semiconductor manufacturing in space and with Rhodium Scientific on biopharma testing in microgravity.
With its robust cash position and no debt, the company remains positioned to invest in strategic M&A and facility expansions.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Stock Slides On Q2 Earnings - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : Intuitive Machines Inc (NASDAQ:LUNR) reported second-quarter financial results before the market open on Thursday.
Q2 Results: Intuitive Machines reported second-quarter revenue of $50.31 million, missing analyst estimates of $67.07 million, according to Benzinga Pro.
Intuitive Machines said it continues to expect positive adjusted EBITDA in 2026.
LUNR Price Action: Intuitive Machines shares were down 4.86% at $9.99 at the time of publication Thursday, according to Benzinga Pro.
Read Next:Photo: courtesy of Intuitive Machines.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Expands Deep Space Navigation Services with Agreement to Acquire KinetX, Positioning Itself for Constellation Management and Moon-to-Mars Data Relay - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : HOUSTON, Aug. 06, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Intuitive Machines, Inc.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Expands Deep Space Navigation Services with Agreement to Acquire KinetX, Positioning Itself for Constellation Management and Moon-to-Mars Data Relay: Its proprietary navigation software stack has supported both of Intuitive Machines’ lunar missions to date.
The acquisition reinforces the Company’s flight dynamics and navigation business line within Intuitive Machines’ Data Transmission Services segment.
“Joining Intuitive Machines gives our team a broader operational canvas and shared commitment to precision, autonomy, and engineering excellence.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended.
Our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

[LUNR] Space Stock Firefly Aerospace to IPO Tomorrow. Should You Buy It?: Another space stock is going public.
But this isn't just any old space stock -- this one already landed on the moon.
Should you buy the Firefly IPO?
So far, I've laid out the arguments in favor of buying into the Firefly IPO.
My advice: If you do decide to invest in the Firefly IPO, bet small, so you can only lose small.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Cathie Wood's Ark Dumps Block Stock Worth $4.8 Million As Bitcoin-Heavy Company Preps Q2 Results - ARK Innovation ETF  ( BATS:ARKK ) : Cathie Wood-led Ark Invest executed a significant trade in Block Inc. XYZ on Tuesday. The move comes just days before the company's much-anticipated second-quarter earnings, due on Thursday, and following its high-profile addition to the S&P 500.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] RKLB vs. LUNR: Which Space Challenger Boasts More Lift in 2025?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[LUNR] $9.8M Contract Propels Intuitive Machines' Orbital Transfer Vehicle Toward Flight Readiness: About Intuitive MachinesIntuitive Machines is a diversified space technology, infrastructure, and services company focused on fundamentally disrupting lunar access economics.
In 2025, Intuitive Machines returned to the lunar south pole with a second lander.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended.
These forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements regarding: our expectations and plans relating to our OTV.
Our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

[LUNR] $9.8M Contract Propels Intuitive Machines' Orbital Transfer Vehicle Toward Flight Readiness - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : HOUSTON, July 30, 2025 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) -- Intuitive Machines, Inc.

[LUNR] Cathie Wood's $15M Crypto Bet: Sells Bitcoin King Block, Doubles Down On Ethereum Giant Bitmine Immersion - Grayscale Ethereum Mini Trust  ( ETH )  Common units of fractional undivided beneficial interest  ( ARCA:ETH ) : On Tuesday, Cathie Wood-led Ark Invest executed significant trades, focusing on Bitmine Immersion Technologies Inc. (NYSE:BMNR) and Block Inc. (NYSE:XYZ).
The Bitmine Trade saw Ark Invest making substantial investments in Bitmine Immersion across multiple ETFs, including Ark Fintech Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKF), ARK Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKK), and ARK Next Generation Internet ETF (BATS:ARKW).
The total shares purchased amounted to 477,498, with the closing price of $32, making the transaction worth $15.3 million.
The Block Trade involved Ark Invest reducing its holdings of the Bitcoin (CRYPTO: BTC)-focused company through the ARKF ETF.
(LUNR) while ARKX purchased 18,843 shares.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Why Intuitive Machines Stock Is Soaring Today: Shares of Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%) are jumping on Wednesday, up 12.8% as of 2:55 p.m.
LUNR gets a new buy ratingAn analyst at the investment bank Craig-Hallum initiated coverage of Intuitive Machines stock with a buy rating and a price target of $17.00, a significant upside from today's price.
Intuitive Machines plans to power in-outer-space semiconductor productionThe company will team up with U.K.-based Space Forge to integrate the latter's microgravity semiconductor manufacturing payload into Intuitive Machines' Zephyr spacecraft.
Intuitive Machines is addressing that need head-on with the State of Texas backing our Earth Reentry Program."
I think that Intuitive Machines is an exciting company with a lot of momentum behind it.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines  ( LUNR )  Stock Is Surging: What's Driving The Action? - Intuitive Machines  ( NASDAQ:LUNR ) : Shares of Intuitive Machines Inc (NASDAQ:LUNR) are soaring higher Wednesday morning, continuing a 33% monthly rally and bucking bearish analyst sentiment.
The surge comes despite a recent price target cut from BofA Securities, which lowered its outlook from $16 to $10.50 while maintaining an Underperform rating.
For a company like Intuitive Machines, which depends on launch providers to carry its lunar landers to space, such a policy shift could be a significant tailwind.
Benzinga Edge Rankings: Based on proprietary data from Benzinga Edge, which ranks stocks on four critical factors, Intuitive Machines presents a profile attractive to momentum-focused traders.
The stock earns an exceptionally high Momentum score of 92.15, indicating its recent price action is significantly stronger than its peers.

[LUNR] Intuitive Machines Announces Date for Second Quarter 2025 Financial Results Conference Call: HOUSTON, July 22, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Intuitive Machines, Inc. (Nasdaq: LUNR) (“Intuitive Machines”) (“Company”) announced today that it will release its financial results for the second quarter of 2025 on Thursday, August 7, 2025, before the market opens.
Following the news release, the Company will host a conference call the same day at 8:30 am ET to discuss the results.
A webcast replay will be available on the investors portion of the Intuitive Machines website at https://investors.intuitivemachines.com/.
About Intuitive MachinesIntuitive Machines is a diversified space technology, infrastructure, and services company focused on fundamentally disrupting lunar access economics.
In 2025, Intuitive Machines returned to the lunar south pole with a second lander.

[LUNR] Breaking News That Rocket Lab and Intuitive Machines Investors Can't Afford to Miss: While IPO investors will be watching the company closely, shareholders of the space companies Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%) and Rocket Lab (RKLB -3.21%) will also want to keep close tabs on Firefly as it moves closer toward its Nasdaq debut.
Firefly glows brightly in spaceWhereas some companies have pie-in-the-sky ambitions about operating in space, Firefly Aerospace is a leader in developing launch vehicles and spacecraft for customers that have their sights on space.
What should Rocket Lab and Intuitive Machines investors do as Firefly stock prepares for liftoffThose focused on the final frontier may have already investigated a Firefly investment and, upon learning that it was privately held, pivoted to buying stock in Rocket Lab or Intuitive Machines.
But with its decision to proceed with an IPO, investors will soon have the opportunity to light up their portfolios with Firefly stock.
This means that there may be some early dips in Rocket Lab and Intuitive Machines as investors move out of those positions in favor of riding with Firefly stock.

[LUNR] Space Stock Tracker: Virgin Galactic Makes A Comeback While Rocket Lab Takes A Breather - Virgin Galactic Hldgs  ( NYSE:SPCE ) : Several analysts have recently updated coverage on the stock, including:BofA Securities initiated coverage on AST with a Neutral rating and announced a price target of $55.
Scotiabank analyst Andres Coello downgraded AST from a Sector Outperform rating to a Sector Perform rating and announced a $45.40 price target.
B. Riley Securities analyst Mike Crawford maintained a Buy rating on AST and raised the price target from $36 to $44.
Virgin Galactic – SPCEVirgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:SPCE) shares have gained 33% on strong volume and rising investor sentiment over the past week.
Last week, BofA Securities analyst Ronald Epstein maintained an Underperform rating on the stock and lowered the price target from $16 to $10.50.

[LUNR] Why Is Intuitive Machines Stock Still Going Up?: If you want to own Intuitive Machines stock, you're going to need a lot of patience.
Yesterday, Bank of America analyst Ronald Epstein lowered his price target on Intuitive stock from $16 to $10.50, below where the stock was trading, triggering an "underperform" rating.
And yet, Intuitive Machines stock went up, not down, on the news (rising 1.2%).
What BofA says about Intuitive Machines stockIntuitive Machines stock gained a healthy 5.1% through 10:40 a.m.
Is Intuitive Machines stock a buy?

[LUNR] Space Stock Watch: SpaceX Prepares Launch For Project Kuiper, Jim Cramer Calls Rocket Lab A Buy - AST SpaceMobile  ( NASDAQ:ASTS ) : SpaceX is preparing the first of three planned launches for Project Kuiper this week, and Rocket Lab Corp. (NASDAQ:RKLB) selected a partner to aid in the build-out of its Neutron rocket landing pad.
Here's a look at recent highlights, news catalysts and upcoming events in the space stock sector.
Rocket Lab said ‘Return On Investment’ is expected to enter service in 2026.
Read Next: Joby Aviation Stock Goes Vertical As Secret, Massive Drone Achieves 9-Hour FlightProject Kuiper – AMZNSpaceX is set to launch a Falcon 9 rocket early Wednesday morning to deploy a payload of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Project Kuiper satellites.
The launch will be the first of three planned Falcon 9 missions scheduled to support the deployment of Project Kuiper satellites.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[LUNR] Why Intuitive Machines Stock Popped, Then Dropped Today: Intuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%) stock rocketed up nearly 10% in early trading on the Nasdaq Friday, before giving up essentially all its gains.
In addition to Space Forge, Intuitive Machines has signed up one other partner for ERP, biomanufacturing company Rhodium Scientific.
Does the ERP news make Intuitive Machines stock a buy?
All this sounds very forward-thinking -- but it shouldn't immediately impact Intuitive Machines' stock or its quest for profitability.
I suspect this is the reason investors ultimately decided there's no pressing need to rush out and buy Intuitive Machines stock today.

[LUNR] 10 Incredible Growth Stocks Poised for Long-Term Gains: Growth stocks have been on a tumultuous ride in 2025.
Here are 10 growth stocks that deserve serious consideration right now.
The insurtech disrupting healthcareOscar Health (OSCR -8.47%) just posted 42% revenue growth to $3 billion in Q1 2025, with membership surpassing 2 million.
Trading at 10.6 times trailing sales, versus 30-plus times for many high-profile AI stocks, BigBear offers exposure to practical AI applications at a reasonable valuation.
The lunar economy pioneerIntuitive Machines (LUNR -4.00%) made history in 2024 as the first commercial company to successfully land on the moon.

[LUNR] 1 No-Brainer Space Stock to Buy Right Now: Yet it also seemed to cost more than I usually consider an acceptable valuation for an unprofitable space stock.
Over the past month, shares of Intuitive Machines have slumped 14%, closing Friday below $11 a share.
For investors looking to buy into Intuitive Machines for the first time, however, it may be an opportunity.
Introducing Intuitive MachinesIn case you're unfamiliar with the company, Intuitive Machines is the very definition of a space stock.
Intuitive Machines did $217 million in revenue last year, implying the stock should cost less than $880 million today.

[LUNR] 7 Space Stocks I'd Buy Without Hesitation: Here are seven space stocks I'd buy without batting an eye right now.
Management projects second-half 2025 revenue of $50 million to $75 million -- a meaningful ramp from current levels.
The company generated $122.6 million in Q1 2025 revenue, up 32% year over year, with its space systems business contributing 71% to total sales.
But with the company targeting a potential $5.6 billion National Security Space Launch contract, the growth runway extends far beyond the stratosphere.
Despite Q1 2025 revenue falling 30% to $61.4 million, Redwire is acquiring drone maker Edge Autonomy for $925 million to create a combined entity projecting $535 million to $605 million in 2025 revenue.

[NVDA] The Smartest Growth Stock to Buy With $200 Right Now: This growth stock is a no-brainer buy if you have $200 to spare right now.
Buying and holding solid growth stocks for a long time is a tried and tested way of making money in the stock market.
Nvidia (NVDA -4.84%) is a classic example of what a smart growth stock can do for your portfolio.
Nvidia's AI-fueled growth isn't going to stop anytime soonArtificial intelligence (AI) has been the single most important catalyst for Nvidia's surge.
Given that Nvidia is now trading at 30 times forward earnings, investors are getting a good deal on this AI stock.

[NVDA] Tech megacaps lose $770 billion in value as Nasdaq suffers steepest drop since April: Jensen Huang, CEO of Nvidia, speaking with CNBC's Jim Cramer during a CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer event at the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 7th, 2025.
Shares of Amazon , Nvidia and Tesla each dropped around 5% on Friday, as tech's megacaps lost $770 billion in market cap, following President Donald Trump's threats for increased tariffs on Chinese goods.
With tech's trillion-dollar companies occupying an increasingly large slice of the U.S. market, their declines send the Nasdaq down 3.6% and the S&P 500 down 2.7%.
For both indexes, it was the worst day since April, when Trump said he would slap "reciprocal" duties on U.S. trading partners.
Amazon, Nvidia and Tesla all slipped about 2% in extended trading following the post.

[NVDA] Could Buying $10,000 of This Generative Artificial Intelligence  ( AI )  ETF Make You a Millionaire?: That's what the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF (CHAT -5.11%) does.
Investors who are still trying to strike it rich with generative AI stocks may find it a compelling alternative to attempting to pick individual AI stocks themselves.
Its holdings include companies developing their own large language models and generative AI tools, companies providing key infrastructure for training and inference, and software companies commercializing generative AI applications.
As such, it seems unlikely the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF will produce returns strong enough to turn $10,000 into $1 million over a reasonable time frame.
For investors looking to gain exposure to the generative AI trend without going all in on one or two stocks, buying the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF is a simple way to do that.

[NVDA] Nancy Pelosi, Cathie Wood Align On These 4 Stocks - Do You Own Any? - ARK Fintech Innovation ETF  ( BATS:ARKF ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : Two of the most well-known female figures tracked by retail investors are former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Ark Funds founder Cathie Wood.
The main Ark Invest ETFs are:Ark Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKK)(BATS:ARKK) Ark Next Generation Internet ETF (BATS:ARKW)(BATS:ARKW) Ark Fintech Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKF)(BATS:ARKF) Ark Autonomous Technology & Robotics ETF (BATS:ARKQ)(BATS:ARKQ) Ark Space Exploration & Innovation ETF (BATS:ARKX)Here are the 4 stocks owned by both Nancy Pelosi and Ark Invest:Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL): Pelosi disclosed buying 50 call options on Jan 14, 2025.
Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN): Pelosi disclosed buying 50 call options on Jan. 14, 2025.
Ark Funds owns shares in ARKG, ARKK, is largest holding in ARKG (11.3%) and fifth largest holding in ARKK (5.3%).
Wood and Ark Funds invest in innovative and disruptive companies that cover sectors like fintech, cryptocurrency, AI, electric vehicles and more.

[NVDA] Could This Overlooked Infrastructure Stock Be the Market's Next Multibagger?: There are multiple ways investors can capitalize on the lucrative AI infrastructure opportunity.
Specifically, Dell's infrastructure solutions group (ISG) segment includes sales of storage, server, and networking equipment deployed in data centers.
This business has been gaining impressive traction thanks to the rapidly growing demand for AI servers.
That's because the orders for Dell's AI servers are flowing in at a healthy clip.
It received $5.6 billion worth of new AI server orders last quarter, which brought its AI server order backlog to $11.7 billion.

[NVDA] IREN Stock's 50% Spike Powered By Nvidia GPUs - IREN  ( NASDAQ:IREN ) : IREN Ltd (NASDAQ:IREN) stock has surged more than 50% since late September when the company announced a game-changing purchase of GPUs that catapulted it into the spotlight of the AI cloud computing boom.
IREN stock slipped on Friday.
Read Next: Datavault AI Stock’s Face-Melting 720% Rally—What To KnowThe ambitious expansion doubled IREN's AI cloud capacity and attracted serious attention from investors.
The company is targeting $500 million in ARR from its AI cloud segment by the end of the first quarter of 2026.
The trend reflects exceptional momentum and growing investor conviction in IREN's identity as an AI infrastructure leader.​Loading... Loading...Read Next:Photo: Shutterstock

[NVDA] Tech Stocks Are In A '1996 Moment', Not A 1999-Style Bubble, Dan Ives Says - Invesco QQQ Trust, Series 1  ( NASDAQ:QQQ ) , SPDR Select Sector Fund - Technology  ( ARCA:XLK ) , Wedbush Series Trust Dan IVES Wedbush AI Revolution ETF  ( ARCA:IVES ) : That's the message from Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives, who argues the recent pullback in Big Tech is a buying opportunity, not the start of a dot-com-style bust.
In his view, this is "a 1996 Moment… and NOT a 1999 Moment."
Track the Big Tech stocks via the QQQ here.
This bullish view is reflected in tech ETFs like the Invesco QQQ Trust (NASDAQ:QQQ), Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLK), and Dan IVES Wedbush AI Revolution ETF (NYSE:IVES), which track semiconductors, software, and AI infrastructure names.
Ives' advice is simple: buy the tech winners, including exposure through diversified tech ETFs like QQQ, XLK, and IVES, rather than getting rattled by short-term market noise.

[NVDA] AMD, HOOD, IREN And More: 5 Stocks That Dominated Investor Buzz This Week - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Retail investors were confident that the stock has more room to run, despite its stellar performance during the week.
Source: RedditThe stock had a 52-week range of $76.48 to $240.10, trading around $231 to $233 per share, as of the publication of this article.
Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings showed that the stock had a stronger price trend in the short, medium, and long terms, with a poor value ranking.
Source: RedditThe stock had a 52-week range of $23.00 to $153.86, trading around $151 to $153 per share, as of the publication of this article.
Meanwhile, retail investors were chasing short-term growth and hoping it climb to $70 from the current stock price.

[NVDA] Wall Street Drops From Record Highs After Trump Warns Of 'Massive' Tariffs On China: The Week In Markets - Advanced Micro Devices  ( NASDAQ:AMD ) : The market's unstoppable rally hit a wall on Friday as President Donald Trump's renewed tariff threats against China triggered a broad sell-off across risk assets.
Trump accused Beijing of "hostile behavior," alleging China was preparing to impose export controls on rare earth materials.
The president warned that the U.S. would "financially counter" the move and is considering a "massive increase of tariffs" on Chinese imports.
The remarks caught markets by surprise, reversing optimism that had pushed stocks to record highs earlier in the week.
After announcing a partnership with OpenAI, AMD shares rocketed 35% on the week – the best since 2016.

[NVDA] Lumentum Invests Big In Thailand To Fuel AI Chip Future - Lumentum Holdings  ( NASDAQ:LITE ) : Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ:LITE) announced plans to invest 2.3 billion baht ($70.3 million) to expand its production capacity in Thailand.
Stock PerformanceLumentum’s stock has soared 82% in 2025, demonstrating significant outperformance against the S&P MidCap 400, which has returned about 5.5% this year.
The EPS of 88 cents compared to the analyst consensus of 80 cents and revenue of $480.7 million, topped the projected $465.8 million.
CEO Michael Hurlston highlighted robust demand across the company’s cloud products, supporting AI data centers.
On September 15, during the “Mad Money Lightning Round” on CNBC, Jim Cramer recommended selling half of Lumentum stock.

[NVDA] Osprey Adds to $15.4 Million JPMorgan Chase  ( NYSE: JPM )  Position: On October 8, 2025, Osprey Private Wealth LLC disclosed a buy of 13,580 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co.(JPM -1.45%), an estimated $4.04 million trade.
What happenedAccording to its SEC filing dated October 8, 2025, Osprey Private Wealth LLC acquired an additional 13,580 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the third quarter of 2025.
What else to knowThe fund increased its JPMorgan Chase & Co. stake, now representing 5.6% of reportable assets.
Foolish takeWhile Osprey's addition of $4 million to its JPMorgan Chase position purchase may seem encouraging to investors, it may not be as big a deal as it looks.
Despite being the largest bank here in the states, JPMorgan Chase has grown its net income and dividend payments by 13% and 9% annually over the last decade.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[NVDA] Applied Digital stock climbs 16% as AI demand fuels data center growth: Applied Digital shares jumped as much as 30% on Friday after the company posted strong first-quarter revenue that was boosted by artificial intelligence data center demand, putting the stock up more than 350% for the year.
The company closed up 16%, extending its impressive run this year.
The data center company reported earnings after the bell on Thursday.
During the quarter, Applied Digital built on its $7 billion lease agreement with CoreWeave that was announced in June for another 150 megawatts at the firm's Polaris Forge 1 campus in North Dakota.
The additional capacity brings the anticipated contracted lease revenue for the project up to $11 billion.

[NVDA] Nvidia Doubled Its Trillions In Months-Charts Scream 'More' - NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : Nvidia Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA) has done it again—stock surging, market cap skyrocketing, and charts flashing green.
CEO Jensen Huang's comments on AI demand only add conviction: this isn't just growth, it's a structural explosion in computing.
Nvidia could outpace expectations as momentum traders jump on the next breakout.
Investor TakeawayWith a chart screaming "more" and a CEO painting a $500 billion AI infrastructure boom, Nvidia offers both technical and thematic upside.
Momentum traders can watch for the cup-and-handle breakout, while long-term investors may see a decade-defining AI cycle unfolding—powered by Nvidia's chips, platforms, and unparalleled market position.

[NVDA] Rigetti Computing  ( RGTI )  Stock Is Volatile Friday: What's Going On? - Rigetti Computing  ( NASDAQ:RGTI ) : Shares of quantum computing firm Rigetti Computing Inc (NASDAQ:RGTI) are navigating a volatile session on Friday, amid broad market weakness.
Despite the market turmoil, Rigetti stock has recently been lifted by a string of positive, company-specific news.
RGTI Price Action: Rigetti Computing shares were flt at $46.93 at the time of publication Friday, according to Benzinga Pro.
Many will allow you to buy “fractional shares,” which allows you to own portions of stock without buying an entire share.
In the case of Rigetti Computing, which is trading at $48.69 as of publishing time, $100 would buy you 2.05 shares of stock.

[NVDA] Prediction: The Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF Will Soar Over the Next 8 Years. Here's the No. 1 Reason Why.: Nearly every expert agrees that artificial intelligence spending is going to soar.
With so many companies vying for a slice of the pie, picking out the most likely potential winners in this emerging technological sphere can be a challenge.
And among those that focus on this part of the market, the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF (CHAT -5.03%) could be your best bet for one obvious reason.
Investing in the Roundhill Generative AI & Technology ETF is a great way to make sure your portfolio benefits from the ongoing rise in spending on AI technologies.
But generative AI -- the category of AI this ETF focuses most on -- is growing faster than the AI industry overall.

[NVDA] 2 Stocks to Watch From the Prospering Computer Industry: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[NVDA] CoreWeave's Top Brass Just Sold $1 Billion In Stock After 250% Rally - CoreWeave  ( NASDAQ:CRWV ) : CoreWeave Inc. (NASDAQ:CRWV) shares were volatile on Friday after top executives sold more than $1 billion worth of stock, marking one of the largest insider sell-offs of the third quarter.
Since going public, CoreWeave’s stock has soared more than 250%, buoyed by strategic deals with Nvidia, as well as expanded partnerships with OpenAI and Meta Platforms Inc. (NASDAQ:META).
According to Bloomberg, Director Jack Cogen sold $477 million in shares, while co-founder Brannin McBee netted $426 million.
Magnetar Financial LLC, CoreWeave’s largest shareholder, sold nearly $1.9 billion in stock but continues to hold more than 20% of the company’s Class A shares.
CRWV Price Action: CoreWeave shares were trading higher by 0.54% to $143.85 at the time of publication on Friday.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[NVDA] Signal Advisors Trims $23 Million NASDAQ-100 ETF Stake Amid Tech Stock Rally: On Thursday, Signal Advisors Wealth disclosed selling 98,307 shares of the Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) in an estimated $23.2 million transaction, according to its latest SEC filing.
Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) offers investors targeted exposure to the NASDAQ-100 Index, focusing on leading nonfinancial companies with significant market capitalization.
After unloading nearly 100,000 shares, QQQM now accounts for just 0.5% of reportable assets, down from a level that once rivaled its top equity positions.
Index replication: A strategy where a fund aims to mirror the performance and holdings of a specific market index.
NASDAQ-100 Index: A stock market index of 100 major nonfinancial companies listed on the NASDAQ exchange.

[NVDA] UiPath Stock Rockets 40% on AI Agent Innovation Buzz - UiPath  ( NYSE:PATH ) : UiPath, Inc. (NYSE:PATH) shares climbed 40% this week on a series of major positive catalysts including new partnerships and industry recognition.
Investor sentiment shifted higher following news of integrations and collaboration with leading AI companies, driving strong momentum for UiPath stock.
Strategic AI PartnershipsUiPath recently announced a big collaboration with OpenAI to accelerate customers' return on investment by simplifying the development and deployment of AI agents.
The partnerships boosted the capabilities of UiPath's automation platform and put it on the leading edge of AI development.
PATH Price ActionUiPath shares hit a 52-week high of $18.74 on Thursday, according to data from Benzinga Pro.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[NVDA] Analyzing NVIDIA In Comparison To Competitors In Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment Industry - NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : In this article, we will conduct a comprehensive industry comparison, evaluating NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) against its key competitors in the Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment industry.
The elevated Price to Book ratio of 46.82 relative to the industry average by 4.99x suggests company might be overvalued based on its book value.
The company has a higher Return on Equity (ROE) of 28.72% , which is 24.58% above the industry average.
The company's revenue growth of 55.6% exceeds the industry average of 27.71%, indicating strong sales performance and market outperformance.
The high gross profit and revenue growth highlight strong financial performance and growth potential within the industry sector.

[NVDA] World's Smartest Banker Sees 30% Chance of Stock Market Correction but Here Is What He Is Not Telling You - Apple  ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) : Correction TriggerPlease click here for a chart of SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSE:SPY) which represents the benchmark stock market index S&P 500 (SPX).
Note the following:The chart shows the stock market is way above the 200 day moving average (shown in yellow).
Here are the key points from what Dimon is saying: Dimon thinks the chance of a correction is much higher than what is generally believed.
Dimon says that if others think the chance of a correction is 10%, he thinks the chance of correction is 30%.
In our analysis, here is what is very important that Dimon is not saying: Dimon represents smart money, but the stock market is controlled by the momo crowd.

[NVDA] AI bubble? Bitcoin's high correlation to Nvidia sparks 80% crash warning: Circular AI investments among Nvidia, OpenAI, and AMD have shown similarities to the dot-com bubble, which could spill over to harm the crypto market.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[NVDA] Should Investors Buy AMD Stock Instead of Nvidia Stock?: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA has positions in Nvidia.
The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Advanced Micro Devices and Nvidia.
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Parkev Tatevosian is an affiliate of The Motley Fool and may be compensated for promoting its services.
His opinions remain his own and are unaffected by The Motley Fool.

[NVDA] 'Tax Breaks For Billionaires. A Death Sentence For Older Americans'-Bernie Sanders Says Trump Wants To Cut Social Security For Disabled Seniors: Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) is once again sounding the alarm about what he calls a dangerous shift in federal priorities under President Donald Trump.
Currently, Americans over 50 are more likely to qualify for benefits because age is considered a barrier to finding new work.
Sanders described the proposal in harsh terms: “Tax breaks for billionaires.
A death sentence for older Americans.
Sanders claimed the legislation would force over 13.7 million people off their health insurance and deliver $420 billion in tax breaks to corporations that offshore profits.

[NVDA] Microsoft's AI Supercluster Could Spark A Cloud Bull Run; AMZN Chart Shows Bullish Setup - Microsoft  ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) , Amazon.com  ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) : MSFT unveils its Nvidia GB300-powered datacenter fleet as compute demand surges, AMZN chart breaks higher; China keeps fueling the chip race.
Microsoft Datacenter is Bullish for CloudMicrosoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled a new AI supercomputing cluster powered by Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) GB300s with over 4,600 GPUs, using next-gen InfiniBand networking.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.
That shortage is bullish for AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, which can charge more for every incremental unit of compute.

[NVDA] Stock Market News for Oct 10, 2025: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[NVDA] Alibaba's Joe Tsai Pushes Back On US-China 'AI Race' Rhetoric: 'Why Would Any One Country...' - Alibaba Gr Hldgs  ( NYSE:BABA ) , NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) Chairman Joe Tsai shared his thoughts on the U.S.-China AI competition this week, suggesting that the U.S. should reconsider its approach.
And you know…that means winning the AI race,” said Sacks.
Also, In Tsai’s view, the AI race isn’t about who develops the strongest model, but who can adopt it faster.
He compared AI to an “important element of life” like air and urged against any one country claiming sole ownership.
In March, Tsai warned of a potential bubble in U.S. AI data center construction, cautioning that rapid expansion may outpace actual demand for AI services.

[NVDA] How To Trade SPY, Top Tech Stocks Using Technical Analysis: A push higher could lift price into 672.65, with continued momentum driving toward 673.80 and 674.95.
If strength persists, SPY may extend into 676.10 and 677.25 as traders look to squeeze additional gains before the weekend.
A lift above could send price into 254.45 and 255.40, with continued strength pushing toward 256.35.
Continued strength may bring 196.80 into play, with a bullish stretch carrying toward 197.85 and 198.95.
A move higher could target 437.10 and 438.65, with continued strength pushing into 440.25.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[NVDA] 1 Vanguard ETF to Invest In That Can Turn $500 Monthly Into $800,000: There's one Vanguard ETF in particular that has shown its potential to take relatively small monthly investments and turn them into a nice amount over time.
It's the Vanguard Growth ETF (VUG -3.28%), one of Vanguard's best-performing ETFs over the past decade.
With $500 monthly investments, you could potentially see your investment grow to around $800,000 in just a couple of decades.
How $500 monthly could turn into $800,000Since its January 2004 inception, VUG is averaging 11% annual returns (12%, including dividends).
However, if we assume it averages 12% annual returns, here's how much $500 monthly investments could grow over different time spans:Years Investment Total 10 $105,088 15 $222,959 20 $430,315 25 $795,096 30 $1.463 millionIf VUG continues its 16% annual average, $500 monthly investments would reach $800,000 in around 21 years.

[NVDA] Shaq, Sam Altman-backed college startup Campus taps former Meta AI head as CTO: Campus, a college startup backed by Sam Altman, has hired Meta 's former AI Vice President Jerome Pesenti as its technology head, the company announced Friday.
As part of the deal, Campus will buy Pesenti's artificial intelligence learning platform Sizzle AI for an undisclosed amount and integrate its personalized AI-generated educational content already used by 1.7 million people.
Campus was founded to disrupt the community college system by "maximizing access to world-class education," according to its website.
It offers accredited associate degrees taught by adjunct professors from the likes of Stanford, Princeton and New York University.
The platform has over 3,000 enrolled students, charges $7,320 per academic year and accepts Pell Grants, according to its website.

[NVDA] Singapore police probe Nvidia customer Megaspeed over alleged China export violations: Singapore authorities are investigating artificial intelligence computing firm Megaspeed, a customer of American AI chipmaker Nvidia , for allegedly helping Chinese companies evade curbs on U.S. chip exports.
"The Singapore Police Force confirms that investigations are ongoing into Megaspeed for suspected breaches of our domestic laws," the police told CNBC in an email.
The probe comes as the New York Times reported Thursday that the U.S. Commerce Department was also investigating whether Megaspeed skirted American export controls, citing anonymous officials and other people familiar with the matter.
Megaspeed didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, nor did the U.S. Commerce Department.
The Times reported that Megaspeed, which spun off from a Chinese gaming company in 2023, bought nearly $2 billion worth of Nvidia's most advanced products through its subsidiary in Malaysia.

[NVDA] Samsung Returns To Nvidia Supply Chain After 19 Months - Samsung Electronics Co  ( OTC:SSNLF ) , NVIDIA  ( NASDAQ:NVDA ) : On Thursday, Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) approved Samsung Electronics' (OTC:SSNLF) fifth-generation HBM3E memory for its GB300 artificial intelligence accelerator.
The move signals Samsung's return to Nvidia's supply chain after nearly 19 months, according to Korean analyst Jukanlosreve.
Jukanlosreve tweeted on Thursday that Nvidia has approved Samsung Electronics' fifth-generation high-bandwidth memory (HBM3E) memory for its GB300 AI accelerator, marking Samsung's return to Nvidia's supply chain after nearly 19 months.
The approval follows years of setbacks for Samsung, including public critiques from Huang and multiple redesigns of the HBM3E chips.
Samsung subsidiaries, including SDS, C&T, and Heavy Industries, are exploring collaborations with OpenAI on floating data centers and advanced infrastructure.

[NVDA] Rare Earth Crackdown Sends Chinese Tech Giants Tumbling - Alibaba Gr Hldgs  ( NYSE:BABA ) , Baidu  ( NASDAQ:BIDU ) : U.S.-listed Chinese stocks, including Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU), PDD (NASDAQ:PDD), Nio (NYSE:NIO), and XPeng (NYSE:XPEV), extended losses amid escalating geopolitical tensions between Beijing and Washington.
This market pressure intensified after China tightened its rare earth export controls on Thursday, a strategic move ahead of upcoming trade talks.
The new regulations, which add five new elements and expand oversight for semiconductor users, aim to bolster Beijing’s control over these critical materials.
Also Read: What’s Fueling Alibaba Stock’s Jump Past Its 52-Week High?
This crackdown follows directives from Beijing’s Cyberspace Administration, which instructed major tech firms like ByteDance and Alibaba to halt orders and testing of Nvidia products.

[NVDA] Prediction: The Vanguard Information Technology ETF  ( VGT )  Will Surge Over the Next 10 Years. Here's 1 Reason Why.: So consider simplifying your life and just investing in a tech-focused exchange-traded fund (ETF) such as the Vanguard Information Technology ETF (VGT -4.05%).
To whet your appetite, here's a breakdown of the Vanguard Information Technology ETF's long-term performance, contrasted with the performance of an S&P 500 index fund, in this case, the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO -2.68%).
AverageAnnualized Return VanguardS&P 500 ETF Vanguard InformationTechnology ETF 5 years 16.63% 20.50% 10 years 14.99% 23.24% 15 years 14.55% 20.28%To be clear, a simple, low-fee S&P 500 index fund like VOO is also worth your consideration.
During periods that feature big market pullbacks, which can begin at any time, the broader S&P 500 is likely to pull back less sharply than a tech-heavy fund.
And the S&P 500 has delivered solid average annual gains of close to 10% over long periods.

This includes personalizing content and advertising.
In addition, whether you "Accept All," Deny Optional," click the X or otherwise continue to use the site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, revised from time to time.

[NVDA] Prediction: CoreWeave Could Soar 60% by 2026: CoreWeave just signed billions in AI contracts and caught Nvidia's attention.
CoreWeave (CRWV -3.32%) has become one of AI's fastest-growing hyperscalers after striking billion-dollar deals with OpenAI, Meta Platforms, and Nvidia.
I explore why this ambitious newcomer could dominate the AI cloud space in the years ahead.
Stock prices used were the market prices of Oct. 6, 2025.
The video was published on Oct. 9, 2025.

[NVDA] Qualcomm shares fall after China opens antitrust probe into the U.S. chip giant: Microchip and Qualcomm logo displayed on a phone screen are seen in this multiple exposure illustration photo taken in Krakow, Poland on April 10, 2023.
Qualcomm shares fell 4% on Friday after Chinese regulators said they would investigate the American tech giant's acquisition of chip firm Autotalks, ramping up tensions between the U.S. and China ahead of key meetings between the country's leaders this month.
China's State Administration of Market Regulation (SAMR) said that Qualcomm is suspected of violating the country's anti-monopoly law in regards to its acquisition of Israeli firm Autotalks.
In a short statement, the SAMR said it would initiate an investigation into Qualcomm.
Qualcomm sells its smartphone chips to some of the biggest players in China, such as Xiaomi .

[NVDA] Should iShares Nasdaq Top 30 Stocks ETF  ( QTOP )  Be on Your Investing Radar?: This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system.
Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month.
A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return.
Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations.
Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

[NVDA] Better AI Stock to Buy: CoreWeave or Nvidia?: Which is the better stock to buy: CoreWeave (CRWV -3.32%) or Nvidia (NVDA -4.84%)?
Nvidia had $56.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of July 27, 2025.
And CoreWeave is much smaller than Nvidia, with a market cap of under $65 billion versus Nvidia's market cap of $4.5 trillion.
For example, a sharp slowdown in AI infrastructure spending would hurt CoreWeave and Nvidia.
Barring an AI winter, CoreWeave and Nvidia should deliver solid long-term returns.

[NVDA] AMD's Stock Surged 24% on Its OpenAI Partnership and Is Near an All-Time High. Is It Still a Buy?: AMD (AMD -7.78%) hasn't been the success story many investors hoped it could be.
However, AMD's deal is vested in various stages, and it isn't guaranteed to work out, as it's based on how much computing capacity is built out.
Unfortunately for AMD, Nvidia's new investment partnership with Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) could disrupt this status quo.
After the massive one-day rise, is AMD stock still worth buying here?
I still think it doesn't make sense to own the second-place company if it's more expensive than the leader, so I think this isn't a buying opportunity for AMD's stock.

