The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ended settlements with Apple AAPL and U.S. Bank years ahead of schedule, as per September court filings. In October 2024, the CFPB held the iPhone maker and Goldman Sachs responsible for mishandling Apple Credit Card dispute transactions. Also Read: Consumer Finance Watchdog Cracks Down on Credit Card Sneaky Fees and False PromisesThe settlement required five years of compliance. The CFPB penalized Apple $25 million and Goldman Sachs $65 million for service failures and misleading practices related to the Apple Card. The CFPB ended U.S. Bank’s 2023 settlement for allegedly blocking unemployed consumers from accessing pandemic benefits.
IONQ Inc IONQ reached a technological breakthrough in quantum computing. Other quantum stocks like Rigetti Computing Inc RGTI , Quantum Computing Inc QUBT , and D-Wave Quantum Inc QBTS are also moving on the news. reached a technological breakthrough in quantum computing. Other quantum stocks like , , and are also moving on the news. In our analysis, right now quantum computing stocks are way overvalued and present significant risk.
In this article, we will perform a comprehensive industry comparison, evaluating Apple AAPL against its key competitors in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry. With a relatively high Price to Sales ratio of 9.46 , which is 2.75x the industry average, the stock might be considered overvalued based on sales performance. The company has a higher Return on Equity (ROE) of 35.34% , which is 29.55% above the industry average. Key TakeawaysFor Apple in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry, the PE ratio is low compared to peers, indicating potential undervaluation. In terms of ROE, EBITDA, gross profit, and revenue growth, Apple demonstrates strong performance compared to its industry peers, reflecting robust financial health and growth potential.
Continued interest from buyers could then spark a run toward 605.25, with upside momentum stretching into 606.45 if broader sentiment helps lift the tape. Apple Inc. (AAPL)Apple opens at 255.00, with bullish participants seeking traction at this mark to ignite upside momentum. A decisive breach of this level would pressure GOOGL into 250.85, with deeper selling momentum pushing into 249.90. Losing that area could trigger heavier selling pressure into 761.80. Continued bearish momentum could push the stock into 434.95, and losing this level would expose 433.30.
This advanced chip, built on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co.’s TSM 3-nanometer process, is engineered to deliver significant improvements, including sharper 4K photos, enhanced AI model performance, and smarter summaries of calls and meetings. Smartphones equipped with the Dimensity 9500 are expected to reach the market in the fourth quarter, Bloomberg reported on Monday. The company is currently in negotiations with Taiwan Semiconductor to formalize this move, which would align with the Taiwanese contract chipmaker’s expanding U.S. operations. The Arizona plant recently reported its first profit four years after its inception and already serves key clients including Apple, Nvidia NVDA, and Advanced Micro Devices AMD. Mass production for this advanced chip is targeted for late 2025, with a market release anticipated in 2026.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
Futures Change (+/-) Dow Jones 0.11% S&P 500 -0.02% Nasdaq 100 -0.27% Russell 2000 0.03%The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust SPY and Invesco QQQ Trust ETF QQQ, which track the S&P 500 index and Nasdaq 100 index, respectively, were mixed in premarket on Tuesday. Cues From Last SessionInformation technology and utilities stocks bucked the overall market trend to close higher, while most sectors on the S&P 500 finished negatively. These gains followed a positive week for all three major indices, during which the S&P 500 rose 1.2% and the Dow added 1%. The Dow Jones index ended 66 points or 0.14% higher at 46,381.54, whereas the S&P 500 index rose 0.44% to 6,693.75. rose 0.50% as analysts estimate earnings of 98 cents per share on revenue of $688.72 million for the latest quarter.
But there's a large-cap AI stock that's walloped Nvidia stock in 2025 to date, over the last year, over 3 years, and even over 5 years: electronic manufacturing services (EMS) provider Celestica (CLS 1.15%). But Celestica stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange, as well as the Toronto Stock Exchange, so it can be easily bought by U.S. investors. If you're an AI stock or tech stock investor, Celestica is worth considering buying. Celestica has also beaten another AI darling -- Palantir Technologies (PLTR 1.78%) -- over every period the AI-powered software-as-a-service (SaaS) company has traded. In short, if you're a growth stock investor, Celestica stock is worth considering buying -- or at least putting on your watchlist.
Buying one stock Buffett recently sold could pay off nicely for long-term investors. The legendary investor remained a net seller of stocks in the second quarter of 2025 for the 11th consecutive quarter. He sold six stocks in Q2. Buffett's scorned six-packIt probably didn't surprise too many observers that Buffett further trimmed Berkshire's stake in Apple (AAPL -0.70%) in Q2 by roughly 6.7%. Does all of this make Apple stock a no-brainer buy?
The CNN Money Fear and Greed index showed some improvement in the overall market sentiment, while the index remained in the “Greed” zone on Monday. All three major indices recorded gains last week, with the S&P 500 rising 1.2% and the Dow adding 1%. What is CNN Business Fear & Greed Index? The Fear & Greed Index is a measure of the current market sentiment. It is based on the premise that higher fear exerts pressure on stock prices, while higher greed has the opposite effect.
The privately held company announced that it raised $750 million, which more than doubled its valuation to $6.9 billion. Groq's chips have some specific differences from those made by the biggest chipmaker, Nvidia (NVDA -2.79%). Its chips are made solely for inference, as opposed to Nvidia chips that are designed for training and inference. That's meant massive profits for Nvidia as interest in AI and AI platforms skyrocketed in the last three years. The takeawayGroq is a $6.9 billion company, merely by showing the potential of cheaper semiconductor chips for AI inference.
For the better part of the last six decades, Warren Buffett has exemplified investing excellence. For his part, Abel has vowed to stick to the investing philosophies that made Warren Buffett and late right-hand man Charlie Munger such phenomenal investors. When Warren Buffett retires 100 days from now, three big changes are coming to Berkshire Hathaway. Healthcare stocks are back on the radar (perhaps in a big way)The second change Berkshire Hathaway shareholders and Wall Street can expect is a renewed focus on healthcare stocks. To be crystal clear, I'm not talking about the eight "indefinite" holdings Warren Buffett described in his 2023 annual letter to shareholders.
The S&P 500 rose 0.4% to 6,690 points after midday trading in New York. The sector, tracked by the Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund XLK, is up 4% over the past three sessions, its strongest three-day rally since May. rose 0.4% to $614.41. The tech-heavy Invesco QQQ Trust Series QQQ edged 0.4% higher to $601.91. The Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund outperformed, up 1.2%; the Consumer Staples Sector SPDR Fund XLP lagged, down 1.7%.
As of noon ET, Apple stock is up 4.3%. iPhone 17 demandTech site The Information broke the first news just ahead of the weekend, reporting that Apple has been telling its suppliers to increase production of parts specific to the $799 iPhone 17 rather than the $1,099 iPhone 17 Pro by 30%. Is Apple stock a buy? Last but not least, we learned today that Wedbush is raising its price target on Apple stock to $310 a share, implying more than 21% upside in Apple stock. Wedbush says it's "positively surprised" to see iPhone 17 demand tracking 10% to 15% ahead of demand for the iPhone 16 last year.
Mohan said the iPhone 17 Pro and Pro Max trend times are in line with last year's iPhone, but several models are becoming more extended. Other regions are also seeing shipping times for the iPhone 17 that are greater than those for last year's iPhone 16. "Heading into this iPhone 17 cycle, we were expecting this upgrade cycle to be a good, but not great one. AAPL Price Action: Apple stock is up 3.83% to $254.72 on Monday versus a 52-week trading range of $169.21 to $260.09. Loading... Loading...Read Next:Photo: iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max, courtesy of Apple
The chart of OKLO stock is being used to illustrate the point. Typically, when a stock goes parabolic, there are strong periods of orange in the VUD indicator; this is not the case with OKLO stock. The euphoria in OKLO stock started building prior to President Trump's visit to the U.K. on rumors that President Trump would announce major contracts for Oklo in the U.K. Does it concern the momo crowd that has been euphorically buying OKLO stock? Prudent investors know that the extreme euphoria in OKLO has implications for the entire stock market.
In this article, we will perform an extensive industry comparison, evaluating Apple AAPL in relation to its major competitors in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry. The Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) of $31.03 Billion is 86.19x above the industry average, highlighting stronger profitability and robust cash flow generation. With higher gross profit of $43.72 Billion , which indicates 47.01x above the industry average, the company demonstrates stronger profitability and higher earnings from its core operations. When comparing Apple with its top 4 peers based on the Debt-to-Equity ratio, the following insights can be observed:In the context of the debt-to-equity ratio, Apple holds a middle position among its top 4 peers. Key TakeawaysFor Apple in the Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals industry, the PE, PB, and PS ratios indicate that the stock is relatively undervalued compared to its peers.
The team chats about the new iPhone's potential impact on Apple's business, whether the economy is slowing, and more. But I don't think it does move the needle. Rachel Warren: Hoium, I think that's also a question that a lot of consumers are asking themselves right now in a tight economic environment. That's going to include the HomePods, but it's also going to include AirPods. We're still very much, I think, in a wait and see place, and I think that's important to note.
Taiwan mobile chip developer MediaTek is in talks with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co TSM to produce some of its chips on U.S. soil, Nikkei Asia reported on Monday. Taiwan Semiconductor posted its first profit from its Arizona subsidiary in 2025, marking a turnaround four years after operations began despite intense competition from Samsung SSNLF and Intel INTC. Also Read: Taiwan Semiconductor To Strengthen Chipmaking Network With Pingtung Service HubArizona's clients included Apple AAPL, Nvidia NVDA, and Advanced Micro Devices AMD. Taiwan Semiconductor continues to expand aggressively in the U.S. with plans for four additional fabs and mass 2-nm production by 2028. Last week, Taiwan Semiconductor enabled veteran partner MediaTek to adopt its cutting-edge 2-nm process for a next-generation flagship system-on-a-chip (SoC).
If the upward drive persists, the next resistance at 598.91 comes into sight, a barrier with prior volume tests. If 246.50 starts to yield under pressure, bearish sellers could step in to test 245.50, a prior support with some depth. Further softening might test 171.48, and relentless downward pressure could land at 169.49, our bottom bearish target. If 253.50 starts to fade, bears might strike 252.39, a prior support. If 774.50 cracks, bears might test 771.59, a prior support with depth.
Betting markets are buzzing with speculation about Tesla Inc. TSLA CEO Elon Musk potentially joining the Trump Administration by the end of 2025. Traders Assign 7–8% Odds Of Musk Joining Trump by 2025As per data from Kalshi, traders are assigning an 8% probability to Musk formally aligning with the Trump Administration by 2025’s end. This snub raised questions about the current relationship between Musk and the Trump administration. Musk was also not present among the tech CEOs who joined Trump during his last week’s visit to the U.K. He referred to his time with the Trump administration as a “side quest.”The evolving dynamics between Musk and the Trump administration could have significant implications for both the tech industry and government policies.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
Futures Change (+/-) Dow Jones -0.26% S&P 500 -0.23% Nasdaq 100 -0.27% Russell 2000 0.01%The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust SPY and Invesco QQQ Trust ETF QQQ, which track the S&P 500 index and Nasdaq 100 index, respectively, fell in premarket on Monday. For the week, the S&P 500 gained 1.2%, while the Dow added 1% and the Nasdaq surged 2.2%. The Dow Jones index ended 173 points or 0.37% higher at 46,315.27, whereas the S&P 500 index rose 0.49% to 6,664.36. Cleveland Fed President Beth Hammack and Richmond Fed President Tom Barkin will speak at 12:00 p.m. On Friday, August’s personal income, personal spending, and headline and core PCE index data will be out by 8:30 a.m.
The CNN Money Fear and Greed index showed an improvement in the overall market sentiment, while the index remained in the “Greed” zone on Friday. The S&P 500 rose 0.49% to 6,664.36, while the Nasdaq Composite gained 0.72% to 22,631.48 during Friday's session. FLY and Genfit SA GNFT today.\What is CNN Business Fear & Greed Index? The Fear & Greed Index is a measure of the current market sentiment. It is based on the premise that higher fear exerts pressure on stock prices, while higher greed has the opposite effect.
This magnificent company has the catalysts and intangibles needed to beat Alphabet, Nvidia, Apple, and Microsoft to the $5 trillion plateau. While America's quartet of $3 trillion companies would make logical candidates to become Wall Street's very first $5 trillion stock, an outlier company has the catalysts and intangibles needed to beat Alphabet, Nvidia, Apple, and Microsoft to the punch. Popular and widely owned choices would probably be AI-data mining specialist Palantir Technologies (PLTR 1.78%) and cloud infrastructure services provider Oracle (ORCL -4.01%). But in spite of their rapid growth rate and skyrocketing share price, neither Palantir nor Oracle are logical candidates to become the world's first $5 trillion stock. In other words, they're going to be the propellant that doubles Amazon stock and pushes it to a $5 trillion market cap.
Apple Inc. AAPL shares got a boost on Friday after which Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives raised his price target to $310, citing strong early demand for the iPhone 17 lineup. Ives Raises Price Target On Strong iPhone 17 CycleOver the weekend, Ives said the launch of Apple's latest flagship devices is exceeding expectations, with demand trends already outpacing last year's cycle. "Raising price target on Apple to $310 based on the early strong demand signs coming out of the iPhone 17 cycle," Ives wrote on X, formerly Twitter. "With iPhone 17 officially going on sale we are positively surprised on the demand trajectory…units appear to be tracking 10%-15% ahead of iPhone 16 thus far." Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reported that, unlike the iPhone 16, which underwhelmed, the iPhone 17 Pro and Pro Max have impressed with enhanced durability, camera upgrades, and performance improvements.
Here are three Buffett stocks that are worth snapping up today and one that most investors will want to avoid. Until Buffett sold a portion of the stake earlier this year, it was more than 25% of Berkshire's portfolio. And with the stock even paying a small dividend, it's a Buffett stock that will fit well in most portfolios. Amazon's leading cloud computing platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS), also saw impressive year-over-year revenue growth of 17% in the second quarter. But Apple, Amazon, and Mastercard all look like excellent Buffett stocks to buy today.
Apple Inc. AAPL has managed to reignite consumer excitement with its iPhone 17 Pro and 17 Pro Max. The iPhone 17 Pro models, on the other hand, have been praised for their standout performance, despite lacking a single groundbreaking feature. Also Read: Apple Inc. Emphasizes Design Commitment Amidst High-Profile ExitsWith no significant AI enhancements planned until March, Apple is effectively stepping back from the AI competition. Nonetheless, the iPhone 17 Pro models have witnessed robust turnouts at stores globally, rekindling the enthusiasm that had been dampened by previous incremental releases. The Pro model is the popular choice, but the Air model has also attracted attention.
It makes advanced semiconductor chips for multiple companies, including Nvidia, Apple, Tesla, AMD, and others. But now it gets a full 36% of its revenue from 5nm chips and 24% from 3nm chips, according to The Motley Fool's research. TSMC is one of four companies that make 3nm chips at scale, in addition to Samsung, Intel, and Xiaomi. Other ways that TSMC makes moneyWhile the high-powered 5nm and 3nm chips make up the lion's share of TSMC's revenue, it also has other sources:Smartphones (27%): TSMC's semiconductors helped make 5G smartphones function. While the percentage of TSMC's revenue stream involving smartphones fell from 33% to 27% in the last year, this is still a critical space for TSMC.
Steve Jobs once took an 18-second pause before answering a straightforward question, a moment that underlined the Apple Inc. co-founder’s habit of thinking long before talking. Steve Jobs’ Measured, Deliberate PauseThe exchange, which has caught the social media eye in a resurfaced clip, happened during a 1992 Q&A at MIT's Sloan School of Management, where Jobs was then NeXT's CEO. An audience member asked Jobs, "What's the most important thing that you personally learned at Apple, that you're doing at NeXT?" Jobs sat silently, then began, "Good question," before offering a compact philosophy of management: "I now take a longer-term view on people." According to a report by Inc.com, it wasn't the only time Jobs chose silence before jumping back at a question.
FedEx Corporation FDX reported first-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $3.83, beating the consensus estimate of $3.62. In addition, FedEx reported sales of $22.20 billion, beating the consensus estimate of $21.66 billion. Darden Restaurants, Inc. DRI reported first-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.97, missing the analyst consensus estimate of $2.00. The new hub is intended to power the nation’s growing demand for artificial intelligence and cloud services. Softbank Group Corp (SFTBY) plan to form a joint venture with OpenAI to deliver artificial intelligence services to corporate customers in Japan has fallen significantly behind schedule.
The tech world was buzzing this past weekend with a slew of exciting developments. From the successful launch of Apple Inc.’s AAPL iPhone 17 series in China and India to Meta Platforms Inc.’s META unveiling of new smart glasses, there was no shortage of news. Apple’s iPhone 17 Series Makes Waves In China, IndiaThe iPhone 17 series from Apple Inc. has made a strong debut in China and India, with the Pro Max model leading the pack. The Pro Max model, starting at 9,999 yuan ($1,406), is expected to be the series’ best-seller. Meta Unveils New Smart GlassesMeta Platforms Inc. introduced two new smart glasses at its Connect 2025 event.
Apple (AAPL -0.70%) and Amazon (AMZN -3.07%) have both been wonderful companies for investors to have owned. Another growth engine, which is another reason to admire this business, is Amazon Web Services (AWS). The third reason why Amazon is a wonderful business is because it's proving that it can scale up in a profitable manner. The best opportunityApple and Amazon are two of the best businesses on the face of the planet. It has better growth prospects, as it operates in numerous industries that have meaningful expansionary potential over the long term.
This makes pizza a compelling investment opportunity, which is undoubtedly what the Oracle of Omaha, Warren Buffett, realized when he led Berkshire Hathaway to take a stake in Domino's Pizza (DPZ -0.21%). But there's one area where I think Domino's really stands out, making this truly a Buffett-worthy investment. About Domino's PizzaHeadquartered in Michigan, Domino's Pizza is the biggest pizza company in the world, boasting more than 21,500 stores in 90 markets. Dominos also has partnerships with Uber and DoorDash that allow its drivers to deliver Domino's Pizza, giving the company access to their platforms and fleets of drivers. Why Domino's is a Buffett-worthy stockAlthough quick-service pizza restaurants as a sector saw flat growth in the first half of the year, Domino's is enjoying growth.
That's a big reason this stock's still down from its late-December peak even with its bounceback from April's low. BYD CompanyFinally, add BYD Company (BYDDY -2.93%) to your list of Buffett stock picks that just might belong in your portfolio as well. That's BYD. For the record, it's not as if Berkshire owns a massive number of BYD shares. Its 162.6 million shares are only worth about $2.3 billion at this time or less than 1% of Berkshire Hathaway's stock portfolio.
High-quality dividend stocks are obviously a great option for investors looking for reliable income. And, they're a particularly smart choice for anyone who needs dividend income to cover some or all of the ever-rising costs of living. The quarterly payment cadence of most dividend stocks, however, isn't always convenient for people who rely on dividend income to pay their monthly bills. While not exactly common, there are several dividend stocks that dish out their payments on a monthly rather than a quarterly basis. And the strength of its business is evident in the stock's dividend history.
Even though Apple Inc. AAPL officially stopped selling in Russia after the 2022 Ukraine invasion, the tech giant’s iPhone 17 models are now available in Moscow stores. Surging Demand Drives Market GrowthRussia’s largest telecom provider, MTS, reports that demand for the iPhone 17 has doubled compared to the previous model. Andrey Gubanov, CEO of MTS, stated ahead of the global launch, “Immediately after the official Apple presentation, we will open pre-orders. Bank of America Securities BAC recently increased Apple's price target to $270, citing the company's strong performance and deeper integration of AI. Premium Pricing Reflects Import RestrictionsAccording to reports, MTS is pricing the standard iPhone 17 at approximately £977, while the iPhone 17 Pro costs £1,465.
President Donald Trump‘s proposed $100,000 H-1B visa fee confused large U.S. companies, prompting the White House to clarify the situation on Saturday. Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt addressed the issue on X, stating that it is not an annual fee but a one-time charge that applies only when the visa petition is filed. Those who already hold H-1B visas and are outside the U.S. will not be required to pay the fee to re-enter. Political ContextAccording to reports, the H-1B visa issue has previously divided Trump's circle. Existing H-1B holders can continue their usual travel, with the new fee only applying to the next lottery cycle for new applications.
But the real beneficiaries of this trend, if executed successfully, could be ride-hailing platforms like Uber Technologies Inc. UBER and Lyft Inc. LYFT. Khosrowshahi also said that the autonomous driving industry presents a $1 trillion TAM opportunity for companies. Challenges AheadHowever, there are still many challenges that lie ahead for autonomous vehicles. Recently, the Trump administration's pick to lead the NHTSA, Jonathan Morisson, called for stricter oversight on autonomous vehicles. Meanwhile, autonomous driving also has to undergo rigorous testing to ensure safety, with Tesla already facing multiple lawsuits over its autonomous driving system.
Adjusted free cash flow(2) was $803 million for the fourth quarter of 2025 and $3.72 billion for the full year of 2025. Investor WebcastMicron will host a conference call on Tuesday, September 23, 2025 at 2:30 p.m. Mountain Time to discuss its fourth quarter financial results and provide forward-looking guidance for its first quarter. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The divergence between our GAAP and non-GAAP income tax (provision) benefit relates to the difference in our GAAP and non-GAAP estimated annual effective tax rates, which are computed separately. Non-GAAP diluted shares are adjusted for the impact of additional shares resulting from the exclusion of stock-based compensation from non-GAAP income.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "Act"). Cytokinetics disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements and claims the protection of the Act's Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that Cytokinetics makes in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. Cytokinetics assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. CYTOKINETICS® and the CYTOKINETICS and C-shaped logo are registered trademarks of Cytokinetics in the U.S. and certain other countries.
Accomplished Production Industry Icon to Lead Team for Key Market ExpansionCHICAGO, Sept. 23, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- PRA, a recognized leader in the Business Events Industry, is pleased to share Melanie Hohman has been named Vice President, PRA Production Services, based in Chicago. A seasoned production executive with over two decades of experience, Hohman joins PRA to lead and expand its production services, providing a high-touch, growth-minded approach to the company's evolving event landscape. As VP of Production Services, Hohman brings a dynamic blend of strategic leadership, operational excellence and creative vision to PRA's expanding portfolio of full-service business event offerings. "I've had the pleasure of working with Melanie in prior roles and I know firsthand the immense value she brings to PRA Production Services through her proven ability to lead large-scale, integrated programs that deliver outstanding, impactful results," shared Ariane Coldiron, Chief Executive Officer, PRA. I look forward to leading the talented PRA team to push boundaries and deliver unforgettable event experiences."
The new Breeders' Cup native app is now available in the App Store and Google Play. Key features include live streaming of all Breeders' Cup races, up-to-the-minute post times, official results, event news, on-site event and venue information, and ticket management and access. Integration with SeatGeek's ticketing platform streamlines the purchasing and venue entry process for attendees, all within the Breeders' Cup app. Everi's dynamic BeOn™ Venue technology powers the Breeders' Cup app, which provides an engaging experience both at and outside of the track. Horse racing fans can witness the action through the app by streaming the Breeders' Cup World Championships Oct. 31 and Nov. 1.
SINGAPORE, Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ELD Asset Management positions Oracle Corporation's latest numbers as a defining moment in the AI infrastructure cycle, with the enterprise group's cloud engines gathering force while capital requirements climb. Jason Harrison, Senior Vice President at ELD Asset Management, notes that "the substantial contract backlog provides revenue visibility, though execution capabilities will determine long-term returns on these significant investments." ELD Asset Management concludes that outlook now turns on execution. About ELD Asset ManagementEstablished in 2017, ELD Asset Management Pte. Further commentary and updates are available at https://www.eldglobal.com/news/Press contact:Mr Luke TanEmail: luke.tan@eldglobal.comWebsite: https://www.eldglobal.comDisclaimer: This content is provided by ELD Asset Management.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Genstore, an emerging startup known for its AI-native, intelligence-driven approach to e-commerce operations, has recently completed its $10 million seed funding round. Genstore is leading this change by building an AI-native platform, fundamentally distinct from today's AI-enhanced solutions." "By building these essential tools into the platform, Genstore delivers a more compelling value proposition with significantly lower total cost of ownership," said Huang. About GenstoreGenstore is an AI-native store builder that helps local businesses launch, run and scale a profitable online store in minutes. Our platform combines instant AI store setup with autonomous growth tools and multi-channel integration, all in a simple conversational interface.
A 2 a.m. phone alert disrupting an engineer's sleep has become a symbol of outdated IT incident response, Vibranium Labs co-founder and CEO Sang Lee said. Vibranium Labs was founded by Lee, Tim Hwang, Charles Kim, and Tanny Kang, who all have backgrounds spanning Google, Amazon Web Services, Workday, Arnold & Porter, and FiscalNote NOTE. The New York-based company is offering its Vibe AI platform on a per-usage model and said it is targeting industries including finance, healthcare, defense, retail, and media. Vibe AI acts as the first AI Site Reliability Engineer designed to run around the clock and perform triage. "There are a lot of VCs that put a lot of money into vibe coding or coding assistant companies," Hwang told Business Insider.
The announcement comes as Troye Sivan gives fans a glimpse into a day in the life of a Chief Vibes OFFicer at Smirnoff with a tongue-in-cheek tour of Smirnoff Vibes HQ. Troye Sivan, Chief Vibes OFFicer of Smirnoff, added:"When I joined forces with Smirnoff last year it was to create special moments by getting people together. More details on the briefcase drop coming soon via @smirnoff on InstagramBRIEFCASE DROP T&CS**Crew comprised of 3 persons, all of whom must be 21+. CREW MEMBERS MUST COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, RESPECT THE RIGHTS OF 3RD PARTIES IN PARTICIPATING IN CONTEST. Prize consists of a prize pack plus trip for Crew members to Palm Springs event (SMIRNOFF "Vibes HQ" Weekend), 11/15-16/2025.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GoGuardian Teacher , the most loved classroom management tool used by 1.9 million educators, continues to evolve to meet the needs of today's classrooms. GoGuardian has delivered on that feedback with the launch of merge classrooms. With merge classrooms, teachers can combine up to five classes, whether from Google Classroom, Clever, ClassLink, or manual setups, into one session supporting up to 115 students. More than two out of three GoGuardian Teacher users rely on integrations, and over 50% run simultaneous sessions. Educators can access the merge classrooms feature immediately in their GoGuardian Teacher dashboard , with comprehensive support resources available through GoGuardian's Help Center .
Revolutionary Natural Parasite Cleanse TechnologyMillions of Americans unknowingly struggle with bloating, fatigue, digestive discomfort, and poor gut health caused by unwanted internal parasites and imbalances. This advanced natural parasite cleanse combines traditional herbal wisdom with modern quality standards to create an effective herbal parasite detox. Premium Quality Herbal Detox Formula"Our Parasite Cleanse supplement represents the pinnacle of natural digestive support," said company CEO Gene Lentz. We believe it's the best parasite cleanse supplement available for those seeking natural digestive health solutions." "This natural digestive cleanse helps people feel lighter, more energized, and in control of their health."
This year, a Silver Apple will be bestowed to five individuals – each of whom exemplify 25 or more years of outstanding leadership in the field, as well as a single Corporate Silver Apple honoree, and three additional special awards for industry advocacy, innovative disruption, and a rising star, respectively. The 2025 MCNY Silver Apple Awards Gala, a celebration of these individuals, will take place at The Hard Rock Café, Times Square, on Thursday, November 13, 2025, from 6:00 to 10:00 pm EST. For pricing and availability of half or full tables, visit the MCNY Silver Apples Gala registration page or contact info.MCNY@gmail.com. About Marketing Club of New YorkThe Marketing Club of New York (marketingclubny.org) today encompasses all facets of integrated, data-driven marketing across all media categories, and was founded in 1926. Marketing Club of New York also provides financial support in the form of scholarships to several New York City colleges' and universities' marketing programs.
Hitachi said the acquisition will support the rollout of its HMAX solution suite, which uses agentic and physical AI to enhance operational autonomy and business model innovation. Synvert’s operations in Germany, Switzerland, Spain, Portugal and the Middle East are also expected to help expand the platform in collaboration with Hitachi Rail and Hitachi Energy. Also Read: Snowflake Joins Siemens To Break Industry Data Barriers And Boost AI AdoptionSynvert provides consulting in AI-driven business design, data access and governance, integration and operations. The company added that combining Synvert’s consulting expertise with GlobalLogic’s VelocityAI platform will expand its reach across the enterprise data lifecycle and accelerate delivery of scalable, production-ready AI solutions. Hitachi had cash and cash equivalents of 1,242.24 billion yen (approximately $8.40 billion) as of June 30, 2025.
Alphabet Inc’s GOOGL GOOG Google is battling an antitrust trial to prevent a forced sale of a segment of its online advertising business. Google has asked Judge Brinkema to adopt a cautious approach similar to a judge in a separate case over Google’s online search monopoly. This development follows a favorable ruling for Google in an antitrust case against Apple, where a U.S. judge dismissed the iPhone maker’s claims. Meanwhile, analysts have suggested that Google should focus on its search business over its AI initiatives, as search advertising continues to be the company’s primary revenue source, with over a 90% share of Search advertising. The ongoing antitrust trial could potentially impact Google’s future business strategies and market dominance.
“Margins are strengthening, sales are growing, and the upcoming launch of our COR & SOLIS clean-tech products will introduce Worksport to entirely new multi-billion-dollar markets. Worksport subsidiary Terravis Energy continues to make significant strides in advancing its AetherLux ZeroFrost Heat Pump program. The Company also uses social media to announce Company news and other information. The Company encourages investors, the media, and others to review the information the Company publishes on social media. The Company does not selectively disclose material non-public information on social media.
From listening to licensing, the new panel gives creators seamless access to world-class production music directly within the industry-leading editing software. Download the Extreme Music Panel HERELOS ANGELES, Sept. 23, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Extreme Music , an arm of Sony Music Publishing and the industry's most trusted powerhouse in production music, today announced a strategic alliance with Avid ® to launch a first-of-its-kind production music panel that integrates Extreme's unprecedented catalog directly into the award-winning Avid Media Composer video editing software. Empowering the global network of professional editors, filmmakers and music creators, as well as passionate consumers, Extreme's innovative music panel makes it possible to easily search, demo and license music across one comprehensive project. "Extreme Music has always taken an unconventional approach in bringing opportunities to creators," said Russell Emanuel, Co-Founder, President & CEO of Extreme Music. Media contact:extrememusic@id-pr.comSOURCE Extreme Music
The $100 billion planned investment in OpenAI isn't charity; it's a masterstroke in demand engineering. Build and deploy AI data centers stacked with "millions" of Nvidia GPUs, funded, in part, by Nvidia itself. Investor TakeawayCall it round-trip capital or strategic foresight—either way, Nvidia is turning cash into guaranteed demand and market dominance. OpenAI gets financing for its AI ambitions, and Nvidia ensures its hardware is front and center in the fastest-growing segment of computing. It's a $100 billion pipeline for revenue, growth, and a long-term competitive moat.
Pune, India, Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --The QKS Group SPARK Matrix™ provides competitive analysis & ranking of the leading Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) for discrete industries vendors. QKS Group announced that it has named Aras a Technology Leader and Ace Performer in the analysis of global SPARK Matrix™: Product Lifecycle Management for Discrete Industries, Q3 2025. The QKS Group SPARK Matrix™ includes a detailed analysis of the global market dynamics, major trends, vendor landscape, and competitive positioning. Additional Resources:About Aras:Aras is a leading provider of product lifecycle management and digital thread solutions. Aras' platform and product lifecycle management applications connect users of all disciplines and functions to critical product data and processes across the entire lifecycle and extended supply chain.
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador, Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bitget Wallet , the non-custodial multi-chain crypto wallet, is exclusively hosting Morph Unity Airdrop, the first major token distribution on Morph, the Layer 2 network focused on building next-generation settlement infrastructure. Eligibility for the Morph Unity Airdrop is based on contributions across key categories, with the total BGB allocation calculated according to users' accumulated points. Jamie Elkaleh, CMO of Bitget Wallet, added, "Hosting the Unity Airdrop directly in Bitget Wallet is the first step in a broader roadmap with Morph. About Bitget WalletBitget Wallet is a non-custodial crypto wallet designed to make crypto simple and secure for everyone. Supporting 130+ blockchains and millions of tokens, Bitget Wallet enables seamless multi-chain trading across hundreds of DEXs and cross-chain bridges.
NORWOOD, Mass., Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Betty’s Eddies™ announced its third annual collaboration with the Keep A Breast Foundation (“KAB”), furthering its commitment to breast cancer awareness, early screening education, and community support. To amplify awareness, Betty’s Eddies will also distribute a limited number of “Betty’s Loves Boobies” bracelets and t-shirts at select dispensaries and online, while supplies last. “Over the past three years, our partnership with Betty’s Eddies has reached thousands of new people with life-saving education around early detection and screening,” said Shaney Jo Darden, Founder of the Keep A Breast Foundation. “Betty’s Eddies is deeply committed to promoting health and wellness and doing so in a fun, yet educational way,” said Sara Rosenfield, Brand Manager for Betty’s Eddies. "Our partnership with the Keep A Breast Foundation and our Breast Cancer Awareness Month campaign is a natural extension of that commitment.
It is the world's first franchise-based chess league where men, women, and prodigies compete in an inclusive, mixed-team format. Tech Mahindra, as the title sponsor and innovation partner, is leading the league's technology transformation with the help of Google Cloud. Tech Mahindra will provide the league with AI and ML dashboards using Google Cloud technology to deliver real-time player performance insights during matches. Peeyush Dubey, Chairperson, Tech Mahindra Global Chess League, said, "The Global Chess League has always aimed to push boundaries in both the gameplay and experience of chess. For more information on Tech Mahindra Global Chess League, please visit: https://globalchessleague.com/Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2779624/TechMahindra_ChessLeague_Logo.jpgSOURCE Tech Mahindra
This business boasts several AI achievements, yet its stock remains reasonably valued. Here are some of the factors that make it a leading AI stock. Alphabet's many AI strengthsAlphabet's business escaped relatively unscathed from legal penalties related to its Google search engine being declared an illegal monopoly. After the presiding judge delivered the verdict this month, the tech giant's appeal as an AI stock has taken off, and it's understandable why. With an attractive valuation, and its AI investments yielding rising revenue, Alphabet stands out as a strong AI stock.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Comstock Inc. (NYSE: LODE) (“Comstock” and the “Company”) today announced that it will participate in a webcast presentation and host one-on-one meetings with investors at the Lytham Partners Fall 2025 Investor Conference, taking place virtually on Tuesday, September 30, 2025. To arrange a meeting with management, please contact Lytham Partners at 1x1@lythampartners.com or register for the event at https://lythampartners.com/fall2025invreg/. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, are forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “should,” “intend,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “potential” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of doing so. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements by or attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Comstock Inc. LODE ("Comstock" and the "Company") today announced that it will participate in a webcast presentation and host one-on-one meetings with investors at the Lytham Partners Fall 2025 Investor Conference, taking place virtually on Tuesday, September 30, 2025. To arrange a meeting with management, please contact Lytham Partners at 1x1@lythampartners.com or register for the event at https://lythampartners.com/fall2025invreg/. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "plan," "should," "intend," "may," "will," "would," "potential" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of doing so. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements by or attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors.
Saudi National Day Special Event: An Immersive Social ExperienceTo celebrate Saudi Arabia's National Day, Jackaroo King launched a themed event offering generous benefits:National Day Login Gifts: Users can claim exclusive holiday rewards simply by logging in. New Gift Items: Limited-edition National Day gifts are available to help players express their feelings. Pure User Experience: An ad-free environment combined with deeply localized operations has successfully captured the young Middle Eastern user base. This fusion of tradition and innovation has rapidly established Jackaroo King as a phenomenon in the Middle Eastern social entertainment landscape. About Jackaroo KingLaunched in August 2024, Jackaroo King is the digital adaptation of the classic Jackaroo board game.
This strategic appointment strengthens XYRA Corp.'s leadership team as the company advances its mission to identify and capitalize on unique opportunities in the crypto technologies market. Recognized Leader in Blockchain and Crypto TechnologiesAnton Glotser brings over 20 years of entrepreneurial experience with specialized expertise in blockchain technology, cryptocurrency, and government relations. Strategic Expertise in Emerging TechnologiesIn his role as VP of Blockchain Infrastructure Technology, Mr. Glotser will leverage his extensive background in blockchain technology development and implementation to guide XYRA Corp.'s strategic initiatives. This international perspective will be crucial as XYRA Corp. explores global opportunities in the crypto technologies sector. About Anton GlotserAnton Glotser is a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience in business development, blockchain technology, and cryptocurrency.
Some of the best growth stocks in the market can be found in the cloud computing space. In simplest terms, cloud computing is the delivery of computing services over the internet. Cloud computing is a high fixed-cost business that gets more profitable as it scales. Last quarter, Google Cloud revenue jumped 32% to $13.6 billion and operating income more than doubled to $2.8 billion. Its Gemini AI models are among the best and are quickly catching up to those from OpenAI.
Enterprises are increasingly choosing Oracle to build large-scale GPU-centric data centers for AI model training and inferencing (real-time deployment of AI models). SnowflakeEnterprise data player Snowflake (SNOW -2.41%) operates a leading cloud-native and fully managed data platform called the AI Data Cloud. The Snowflake data platform can be hosted on Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud infrastructure -- either in single-cloud or multicloud configurations. Beyond unifying data across clouds, Snowflake's AI data cloud also offers clients several AI-powered capabilities. AI also powers approximately 25% of deployed use cases, while more than 6,100 accounts utilize Snowflake AI weekly.
Economist Paul Krugman is warning that President Donald Trump’s newly instituted $100,000 fee for H-1B visa holders threatens to erode the foundations of U.S. economic and technological leadership. Fee Rollout Follows A Familiar PatternIn his newsletter on Monday, Krugman said that the fee rollout by the administration followed a familiar pattern. On Sunday, in a post on X, he said, “I’ve worked on H1-B politics for 30 years. “My heart goes out to all the families and individuals anxious over their futures following the abrupt and chaotic announcement of H-1B visa changes,” Ng said in a post on X. “America should be working to attract more skilled talent, not create uncertainty that turns them away.”Loading... Loading...Read More:Photo courtesy: Cristian Storto on Shutterstock.com
In 2024, Google added AI Overviews to Search, which have done a good job of keeping daily habit Google Search users from leaving Google as their first destination when seeking information. Google CloudEven if Alphabet's own AI efforts don't win in the market, Alphabet is still exposed to revolutionary AI research through its cloud division. Google Cloud customers include an illustrious who's who of AI research, including former founders of OpenAI and Google DeepMind. Google Cloud just reached profitability in 2023, and is now on a near-$12 billion operating profit run-rate. In this investor's mind, that would put the value of Google Cloud alone at $1 trillion to $2 trillion by then, all by itself.
This action is pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. If you wish to serve as a lead plaintiff in this class action, you must petition the Court by November 17, 2025 . About Kahn Swick & Foti, LLCKSF, whose partners include former Louisiana Attorney General Charles C. Foti, Jr., is one of the nation's premier boutique securities litigation law firms. TOP 10 Plaintiff Law Firms - According to ISS Securities Class Action ServicesTo learn more about KSF, you may visit www.ksfcounsel.com. Contact:Kahn Swick & Foti, LLCLewis Kahn, Managing Partnerlewis.kahn@ksfcounsel.com1-877-515-18501100 Poydras St., Suite 960New Orleans, LA 70163CONNECT WITH US: Facebook || Instagram || YouTube || TikTok || LinkedIn
This action is pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. If you wish to serve as a lead plaintiff in this class action, you must petition the Court by November 18, 2025 . About Kahn Swick & Foti, LLCKSF, whose partners include former Louisiana Attorney General Charles C. Foti, Jr., is one of the nation's premier boutique securities litigation law firms. TOP 10 Plaintiff Law Firms - According to ISS Securities Class Action ServicesTo learn more about KSF, you may visit www.ksfcounsel.com. Contact:Kahn Swick & Foti, LLCLewis Kahn, Managing Partnerlewis.kahn@ksfcounsel.com1-877-515-18501100 Poydras St., Suite 960New Orleans, LA 70163CONNECT WITH US: Facebook || Instagram || YouTube || TikTok || LinkedIn
In brief The $100 million facility has been secured by CleanSpark’s Bitcoin holdings. Discover SCENEBitcoin miner CleanSpark said Monday it has secured a new $100 million credit line from Coinbase Prime, extending its existing financing arrangements with the exchange. The funds will support energy expansion, mining growth, and new high-performance computing projects, with the move building on earlier steps, the company said. CleanSpark had already expanded its facility with Coinbase Prime by up to $200 million in April earlier this year. Hut 8 doubled its line to $130 million in June, while Riot Platforms tapped Coinbase for a $100 million arrangement in April.
iToolab WaTracker Is Now Available: A Powerful Tool to Track WhatsApp Last SeenNEW YORK, Sept. 22, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- iToolab, a leading developer of innovative software solutions for mobile devices, has released a new WaTracker app. With the launch of this new app, WhatsApp users now can track Last Seen status without opening chat, and get accurate online/offline notifications in real time. What is iToolab WaTracker? It's possible with iToolab WaTracker. If you want to get real-time and accurate notifications when your crush/business partner is online, WaTracker is always the best choice for you, ensuring you never miss any online status changes.
This agreement is the first-of-its-kind in the steel industry designed to help drive global demand for green steel. After investing in Stegra in 2023 through its Climate Innovation Fund, Microsoft is now also entering into a supply agreement for near-zero emission steel, as well as an agreement for environmental attribute certificates (EACs). In addition to the agreement that covers physical steel, Stegra and Microsoft have also signed an agreement for environmental attribute certificates. What Stegra is doing in this innovative environmental attribute certificate agreement is de-coupling the green value from a physical steel product. CONTACT:For more information, contact: Karin Hallstan, Head of Communications, Stegra at press@stegra.com or +46 76 842 81 04This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/stegra/r/stegra-announces-agreement-with-microsoft--driving-demand-for-near-zero-emission-steel,c4238790The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/20623/4238790/3684078.pdf Stegra announces agreement with Microsoft, driving demand for near-zero emission steel https://news.cision.com/stegra/i/microsoft-datacenter,c3472216 Microsoft datacenterSOURCE Stegra
In this article, we will conduct a comprehensive industry comparison, evaluating Microsoft MSFT against its key competitors in the Software industry. With a relatively low Price to Sales ratio of 13.63 , which is 0.81x the industry average, the stock might be considered undervalued based on sales performance. The Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) of $44.43 Billion is 56.96x above the industry average, highlighting stronger profitability and robust cash flow generation. Considering the debt-to-equity ratio in industry comparisons allows for a concise evaluation of a company's financial health and risk profile, aiding in informed decision-making. Key TakeawaysFor Microsoft in the Software industry, the PE, PB, and PS ratios are all low compared to peers, indicating potential undervaluation.
Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM, has expressed his support for a merit-based immigration system in the U.S. amid President Donald Trump‘s $100,000 H-1B visa fee. Dimon Calls Trump’s H-1B Move ‘Off-Guard’, Urges Merit-Based SystemDimon, in a conversation with CNBC TV18 in India, stated that Trump’s H1-B visa announcement caught him “off-guard.”“…we had a lot of phone calls over the weekend that what does it mean? However, he voiced his belief in a “merit-based immigration” system. President Trump’s administration recently proposed a $100,000 fee for H-1B visas, a move that has sparked widespread concern in the tech industry. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick has labeled the H-1B visa system a “scam” and proposed a new “Gold Card” program as an alternative.
Delray Beach, FL, Sept. 23, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- According to MarketsandMarkets™, the Network API Market is projected to grow from USD 1.96 billion in 2025 to USD 6.13 billion by 2030, at a CAGR of 25.7% during the forecast period. The result is a network API ecosystem that is both global and developer-friendly, making it one of the fastest-growing opportunities in digital services. Despite strong demand, the network API market faces several restraints that temper growth. Educational institutions, including the University of Technology Sydney and the Nara Institute, deploy network APIs for digital twins and high-definition lecture streaming. Get access to the latest updates on Network API Companies and Network API IndustryAbout MarketsandMarkets™ MarketsandMarkets™ has been recognized as one of America's Best Management Consulting Firms by Forbes, as per their recent report.
As part of New York Climate week, LanzaJet and KMG have signed an agreement to advance the country's first sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) project and a first for LanzaJet in deploying our leading Alcohol-to-Jet (ATJ) technology in the region. LanzaJet and KMG Advance Kazakhstan's First Sustainable Aviation Fuel Project to Engineering and Design PhaseKMG and LanzaJet recently completed a joint feasibility study, and have agreed to move to the next phase of project development – Front-End Engineering and Design (FEED), during which all technical and economic solutions for construction of the plant will be finalized. "Kazakhstan is the type of market that creates incredible potential across industries – agriculture, logistics, oil and gas, and aviation. LanzaJet is creating an opportunity for future generations by accelerating the production and deployment of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) and other alternative fuel technologies critical to transform the global economy. LanzaJet is supported by investors and partners including: Airbus, British Airways, Groupe ADP, Microsoft, Mitsui, MUFG, LanzaTech, Shell, Southwest Airlines, and Suncor.
The Global X Artificial Intelligence and Technology ETF is still beating the market. The rapid expansion of the artificial intelligence (AI) market lit a blazing fire under many of the tech sector's top stocks. The top AI-oriented ETF is the Global X Artificial Intelligence and Technology ETF (AIQ -0.83%), which was launched on May 11, 2018. All of those stocks have plenty of exposure to the AI market, and it doesn't own a lot of AIQ's slower-growth AI-adjacent stocks. It might attract a lot more attention than other ETFs because it's branded as an AI ETF, but buying QQQ -- which gives you plenty of exposure to the top AI names -- seems like the smarter move.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
The problem for investors today is that Amazon has grown into a massive business, with trailing revenue of $670 billion. The law of large numbers will naturally make it more challenging to sustain the level of revenue growth that drove those returns. Let's explore two important reasons Amazon stock is worth buying today. To this day, Microsoft's cloud business is still second to Amazon Web Services in the cloud market, a $116 billion revenue-generating business. Improving revenue growth could lift the stock over the next few years, but there's another, potentially more impactful, catalyst to watch.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
Constellation Energy (CEG -3.04%) is the country's largest carbon-free energy producer. That fleet, especially its industry-leading nuclear energy plants, is becoming increasingly important given the country's surging power needs. Cashing in on growing demand for clean powerConstellation Energy is the nation's leading nuclear power producer by a wide margin. It also produces more carbon-free energy than leading utility NextEra Energy (178.2 GW to 110.5 GW). These deals and similar revenue frameworks give Constellation Energy strong visibility into its earnings growth potential over the next several years.
Bill Gates, billionaire and the co-founder of Microsoft Corporation MSFT, disclosed that he and the U.S. Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has differing views on vaccines. Gates, Kennedy Agree To Focus On Common Goals Despite DisagreementGates, in an interview with Reuters on Monday, revealed that he and Kennedy, who has been a long-time proponent of vaccine skepticism, met in July. “We agreed to disagree on some things about vaccines, but moved on to talk about areas that we would agree on,” Gates said. In a recent Reuters Newsmaker event, the Microsoft co-founder warned that shrinking global health funding poses a significant threat to millions of children’s lives. He stressed that even substantial private donations cannot fully offset government cuts to global health funding.
Now, the consulting firm Bain & Co is estimating the shortfall could be far larger than previously understood. AdvertisementBy 2030, AI companies will need US$2 trillion in combined annual revenue to fund the computing power needed to meet projected demand, Bain said in its annual Global Technology Report released on Tuesday. Yet their revenue is likely to fall US$800 billion short of that mark, as efforts to monetise services like ChatGPT and other generative AI services trail the spending requirements for data centres and related infrastructure, Bain predicted. The report is set to raise further questions about the AI industry’s valuations and business model. AdvertisementHowever, the savings provided by AI and companies’ ability to generate additional revenue from AI are lagging behind that pace.
We're proud to announce a landmark partnership with @OpenAI to build new gigascale AI factories using millions of NVIDIA GPUs. pic.twitter.com/CYEB2PdfWY — NVIDIA (@nvidia) September 22, 2025According to a report by Bloomberg, the money will be provided in stages, with the first $10 billion coming when the deal is signed, citing people familiar with the matter. “This partnership is about building an AI infrastructure that enables AI to go from the labs into the world. Cooling alone can consume nearly 40% of a data center’s power use, according to energy consultancy 174 Power Global. The United Nations Environment Programme has warned of rising water consumption for cooling, while the Environmental and Energy Study Institute said data centers are already straining electric grids.
Nvidia NVDA stock gained on Monday after it announced that it has moved to expand its decade-long collaboration with OpenAI by signing a letter of intent for a strategic partnership. The companies plan to deploy at least 10 gigawatts of Nvidia systems to build OpenAI’s next-generation AI infrastructure, a leap toward training and running models on the path to superintelligence. Under the agreement, OpenAI named Nvidia its preferred strategic compute and networking partner for AI factory growth. This deal complements Nvidia and OpenAI’s existing collaborations with Microsoft MSFT, Oracle ORCL, SoftBank SFTBY, and Stargate partners to build the world’s most advanced AI infrastructure. Nvidia and OpenAI expect to finalize partnership details in the coming weeks.
I'm going to go with the Go Back three spaces card because it does seem like they're going backwards. But I don't think they're going to make a dent in the big players. Lou Whiteman: My only clarity about where things end up is that I don't think we have a clue. We've already talked a little bit about media, so I do want to start there, and I'm going to give you five stocks. So I think I'm going to have to go with Celsius this time around.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is one of the most important growth opportunities for many technology companies in recent years. Broadcom's AI revenue jumped 63% in the quarter to $5.2 billion, and management expects continued growth in the current quarter -- with AI sales estimated to reach $6.2 billion. Management estimates that the company's AI revenue could reach up to $90 billion annually by 2027, which means Broadcom and its investors may have more to look forward to. With its current cloud computing position and the huge potential for AI cloud sales, Microsoft will likely continue to benefit from this emerging space for years to come. But even if there's a slowdown, it's important to keep in mind that artificial intelligence is now mission-critical for many companies.
Nvidia will invest up to $100 billion in OpenAI as the artificial intelligence lab sets out to build hundreds of billions of dollars in data centers based around the chipmaker's AI processors, the companies said on Monday. OpenAI plans to build and deploy Nvidia systems that require 10 gigawatts of power, the companies said on Monday. A gigawatt is a measure of power that is increasingly being used to describe the biggest clusters of AI chips. "This is a giant project," Huang said in the interview, alongside OpenAI CEO Sam Altman and Greg Brockman, the company's president. "Nvidia invests $100 billion in OpenAI, which then OpenAI turns back and gives it back to Nvidia," Bryn Talkington, managing partner at Requisite Capital Management, told CNBC after the announcement.
In this article, we will delve into an extensive industry comparison, evaluating Microsoft MSFT in relation to its major competitors in the Software industry. The Return on Equity (ROE) of 8.19% is 1.26% above the industry average, highlighting efficient use of equity to generate profits. The company's revenue growth of 18.1% is significantly below the industry average of 66.99%. Considering the debt-to-equity ratio in industry comparisons allows for a concise evaluation of a company's financial health and risk profile, aiding in informed decision-making. Key TakeawaysFor Microsoft in the Software industry, the PE, PB, and PS ratios are all low compared to peers, indicating potential undervaluation.
But we're still in the early innings, which makes pure-play quantum computing stocks like IonQ and D-Wave Quantum largely speculative bets. It's also worth mentioning that as one of the leading cloud computing companies -- with 20% of the market -- Microsoft already offers some quantum computing cloud services to customers. AlphabetAlphabet (GOOG -0.26%) (GOOGL -0.38%) has taken a similar approach to Microsoft and developed its own quantum computing processor, called Willow. It worked with Google's Quantum AI division to create a machine learning system that corrects quantum computing errors. As quantum computing develops in the coming years and becomes cheaper and more efficient, Alphabet's position as the No.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zacks may license the Zacks Mutual Fund rating provided herein to third parties, including but not limited to the issuer.
Shares of big tech like Amazon.com AMZN, Microsoft MSFT, Meta Platforms META and Alphabet Inc. GOOGL GOOG slipped between 0.4% to 0.5% in Monday pre-market session amid Trump’s H1-B crackdown. While the new fees only apply to new applications, analysts warn that the limited supply of skilled workers in the U.S. could lead to increased wages and reduced margins. Several major tech companies and banks, including Microsoft, Amazon, Alphabet, and Goldman Sachs GS, have issued urgent travel advisories to their employees. Shares of other companies heavily reliant on H-1B visas, such as JP Morgan JPM, fell 1.65% during premarket trading. Trump’s visa fee proposal initially caused confusion among large U.S. companies, prompting the White House to clarify that it is a one-time charge for each visa petition, not an annual fee.
Those familiar with Warren Buffett may know that he has increased the value of his company, Berkshire Hathaway, by an annual average of around 20% over the past 60 years. Sirius XM HoldingSirius XM Holdings (SIRI 0.13%) is an audio entertainment provider, and a big one, delivering its offerings largely via satellite. Vanguard S&P 500 ETFThe Vanguard S&P 500 ETF (VOO -0.56%) is a Warren Buffett investment because he has recommended it for most investors -- and even for his wife, as he has directed that much of the money he leaves her be invested in it. The exchange-traded fund (ETF) -- which trades like a stock -- contains the same (or about the same) holdings as the S&P 500. Such an S&P 500 index fund spans some 500 companies, offering a lot of diversification.
This doesn’t happen often, and when it does, it typically signals conflicting investor expectations about future economic conditions. This simultaneous rally presents a market puzzle that reminds me of periods when investors bet on scenarios that can’t coexist. But Powell’s emphasis on upward inflation risks complicates both narratives. History suggests periods when gold and stocks rally together often precede significant market regime changes, as investors position for multiple potential outcomes simultaneously. In summary, when the Fed chair admits there’s “no risk-free path” while markets celebrate with record highs across asset classes, something unusual is happening.
Nvidia NVDA plans to invest up to $100 billion in OpenAI, a move that could generate billions in long-term revenue. The partnership cements Nvidia as OpenAI's preferred compute and networking partner, reinforcing its dominance in the booming artificial intelligence market. The analyst argued that Nvidia's decision to commit up to $100 billion in OpenAI marks both a bold financial move and a strategic reinforcement of its moat. Arya estimated this initiative could ultimately deliver $300 billion to $500 billion in revenue for Nvidia, translating into a three to five times return on investment. Arya expects Nvidia will classify the deal like its prior CoreWeave CRWV equity investment, with OpenAI treated as a commercial client rather than an outlier.
While AI-driven tech giants continue to push indices to record highs, institutional portfolios remain heavily concentrated in equities. Reminiscing About The Dot-com BubbleAt the turn of the millennium, the internet captured the imagination of investors worldwide. In 2000, information technology and telecom accounted for nearly half the index; today, technology, communications, and consumer discretionary—again dominated by mega-cap tech—make up more than 55%. During the dot-com bubble, Cisco CSCO briefly became the world's largest company, trading at over 20 times forward revenue. Black Swan Expert Expects 1929While some liken today's surge to 1999, others see darker parallels to the 1929 crash.
Up more than 60% year to date, is Reddit poised to keep delivering massive wins? Reddit (RDDT -7.91%) stock has been on a tear this year. Is Reddit stock on the verge of an incredible winning streak? Reddit stock now has a market capitalization of roughly $49.5 billion and is valued at approximately 24 times this year's expected sales. For risk-tolerant investors seeking potentially explosive AI plays, Reddit stock looks like a worthwhile portfolio addition right now.
See the real-time chart hereBespoke Investment Group released a list of 10 stocks in the Russell 1,000 that have gained more than 1,000% in the ongoing "AI Boom bull market." Palantir Technologies, Inc. PLTR also rode the AI and data analytics wave to a tremendous 2,160% rally over the past three years. Commercial space company Rocket Lab Corp. RKLB) stock has climbed 1,094% on multiple successful launches and growing excitement around space exploration and technology. HOOD has notched more than 1,000% returns due in part to aggressive business moves like a billion-dollar stock buyback and the acquisition of Bitstamp. The outsized returns highlight both the excitement and the risks of the AI boom bull market.
CoreWeave Inc CRWV shares are in the spotlight Tuesday morning following a major announcement from NVIDIA Corp NVDA and OpenAI. As a specialized cloud provider with a strong focus on GPU-accelerated workloads and a close relationship with Nvidia, CoreWeave is well-positioned to capitalize on this increased investment in AI infrastructure. CRWV Price Action: CoreWeave shares were down 0.26% at $132.88 Tuesday morning, according to Benzinga Pro. The stock is meanwhile above its 50-day moving average of $111.99 and its 100-day moving average of $116.25, indicating a bullish trend. Key support levels can be identified around the 200-day moving average at $103.23, while resistance appears to be near the recent high of $136.00.
This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.
In this article, we will delve into an extensive industry comparison, evaluating NVIDIA NVDA in comparison to its major competitors within the Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment industry. The elevated Price to Book ratio of 44.65 relative to the industry average by 4.88x suggests company might be overvalued based on its book value. The Return on Equity (ROE) of 28.72% is 24.7% above the industry average, highlighting efficient use of equity to generate profits. The company is experiencing remarkable revenue growth, with a rate of 55.6%, outperforming the industry average of 27.21%. Key TakeawaysThe low PE ratio suggests NVIDIA is undervalued compared to its peers in the Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment industry.
Following Monday’s surge, IREN Ltd IREN shares are trading marginally higher Tuesday morning. The stock jumped Monday after the company announced an expansion of its artificial intelligence cloud capacity and issued new revenue guidance. The company is now targeting over $500 million in AI cloud annualized run-rate revenue by the first quarter of 2026. IREN Price Action: According to data from Benzinga Pro, IREN shares are trading higher by 2.37% to $42.91 Tuesday morning. Read Also: IonQ Stock Is Trading Higher Today: What’s Happening?
Lambda, the Superintelligence Cloud, deployed hydrogen-powered, production-grade Nvidia NVDA GB300 NVL72 systems at ECL's Mountain View campus. Super Micro Computer SMCI built the GB300 NVL72 units, each drawing 142 kW of compute power and cooled through direct-to-chip liquid systems that recycle water produced during hydrogen energy generation. Ken Patchett, Lambda's VP of Data Center Infrastructure, said hydrogen-powered systems form the foundation for sustainable gigawatt-scale AI factories. In August, Super Micro Computer announced that Lambda had deployed its graphics processing unit (GPU)-optimized servers, including Nvidia Blackwell-based systems, to expand its AI infrastructure. The rollout, anchored by Super Micro Computer's AI Supercluster with Nvidia GB200 and GB300 NVL72 racks, powers large-scale training and inference.
ASML Holding NV ASML has made a significant leap in its quality ranking, moving decisively within the top echelon of global stocks, as highlighted by the most recent quality percentile data. This surge reflects strengthened confidence in ASML's operational efficiency and financial health, as its composite "quality" ranking factors in historical profitability and fundamental resilience relative to its peers. Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings indicate that ASML maintains a stronger price trend in the short, medium, and long terms. Quality Ranking: Background And ImplicationsThe quality ranking, as described in the accompanying stock ranking descriptions, is built on a percentile-based comparison of operational efficiency and financial health, weighing profitability metrics and core business fundamentals against industry peers. This could result in greater orders for ASML's cutting-edge photolithography tools as both Intel and Nvidia rely on highly sophisticated semiconductor fabrication.
The strategy centers on clustering a massive number of Ascend processors via a new UnifiedBus interconnect system. Last week, Huawei unveiled a multiyear roadmap to challenge Nvidia by clustering thousands of its Ascend AI chips into powerful SuperPod systems. Huawei argues that while its processors trail Nvidia in single-chip performance, massive clustering and faster interconnects can deliver competitive results, Bloomberg reported. However, analysts from Bernstein and Jefferies told Bloomberg that Huawei still lags technologically, with a next-generation Ascend chip delivering only a fraction of Nvidia’s performance. Nevertheless, Huawei insists that its brute force, networking know-how, and government support can narrow the gap.
In a post on X, Chanos questioned NVDA CEO Jensen Huang's cost estimates for building a large-scale AI data center, suggesting a significant discrepancy with what other industry players are reporting. What Is The Projected Data Center Capacity In The Coming Years? –Similarly, the McKinsey report shows total data center capacity demand, including non-AI workloads, growing from 82 GW in 2025 to 219 GW by 2030. Overall, McKinsey anticipates that capital spending on data center infrastructure, excluding the IT hardware itself, will surpass $1.7 trillion by 2030. Who Is Right When It Comes To AI Data Center Capacity?
There isn't a business out there that has represented the ongoing artificial intelligence (AI) boom like Nvidia (NVDA -2.79%) has. As a result, Nvidia shares have catapulted higher, up 1,340% just in the past five years (as of Sept. 19). Here's one reason why you should consider buying this AI stock before the end of 2025. AI spending trendsTechnology companies are spending lots of money to build out their AI capabilities, to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars just this year. That's the key reason to seriously consider buying Nvidia shares before 2025 comes to a close.
One stock that investors have identified as a potential millionaire-maker is BigBear.ai (BBAI 12.78%). BigBear.ai holds a key U.S. Army contractBigBear.ai specializes in providing custom AI solutions to government clients. BigBear.ai holds a five-year, $165 million contract to provide a Global Force Information Management (GFIM) system. Various government efficiency efforts have stalled some of this spending, which caused BigBear.ai to report negative revenue growth during Q2. With BigBear.ai's lack of success in the AI arms race, combined with its consulting-like business model, I doubt BigBear.ai has the potential to become a millionaire-maker stock.
Last week, Intel signed an unexpected deal with rival Nvidia to produce custom PC and data center CPUs that include Nvidia technology. In the PC business, this means that Intel CPUs with integrated Nvidia graphics processing units (GPUs) are on their way. Once CPUs with Nvidia graphics start shipping, it's unclear whether Intel will continue to invest in its in-house graphics. Intel could also end up scrapping its discrete graphics card business, given that its main competitor is now a partner. Despite the deal with Nvidia, Intel may choose to keep plugging away in discrete graphics cards and to keep developing its own graphics technology.
Looking for great buys in the AI space? The behind-the-scenes AI giantJennifer Saibil (Taiwan Semiconductor): Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSM 3.70%), also known as TSMC, is one of the most important AI stocks on the market, and it's growing rapidly. It's not as "hot" as some of the AI stocks producing the technology that's literally revolutionizing the world, which is why it may fall out of the view of AI investors. However, it's a vital piece of the AI chain, and it has many advantages over other kinds of AI stocks. Nvidia looks poised to continue dominating the AI GPU market, but I think investors should also take a look at another gaming-related player in the artificial intelligence market.
Top Wall Street analysts changed their outlook on these top names. For a complete view of all analyst rating changes, including upgrades and downgrades, please see our analyst ratings page. Considering buying TSLA stock? Here’s what analysts think:Read This Next:Photo via Shutterstock
Enthusiasm for Tesla has increased after the CEO purchased $1 billion in stock. Tesla (TSLA -1.87%) shares are surging, and investors are curious about the drivers behind this increase. *Stock prices used were the afternoon prices of Sept. 19, 2025. The video was published on Sept. 21, 2025.
As Tesla stumbles, Rivian is expanding its lineup and improving its manufacturing efficiencies. What's more, Rivian is on the verge of launching new vehicles that should appeal to a wider customer base. Rivian is the better EV stock, but success isn't guaranteedI'm optimistic about Rivian because I think the company is building a strong EV lineup, and I've been impressed with how management has adapted to an increasingly difficult EV environment. While Rivian's success is nowhere near guaranteed -- especially given the difficult EV environment -- I think it's the better EV stock right now. Investors will still need to be patient with Rivian, though, as the company navigates a challenging period for the EV industry.
Tesla Inc.'s TSLA sales in the Chinese market have continued their growth trajectory with the latest data released for the third week of September. A 33% Growth In Sales For Tesla ChinaThe company recorded 17.2K new insured registrations in China during the week of September 15 to September 21, up 33.2% from the previous quarter, as illustrated by influencer Roland Pircher's data shared on X on Tuesday. Compared to the previous week, the sales grew over 12.7% and 25.6% YoY, but YTD sales for China were still down 5.9% when compared to the same period last year. This week was also Tesla's third-highest week of the year, as well as the highest week of the quarter so far. Tesla China Sales Boost Amid Lackluster Global PerformanceTesla's China sales in September could provide the company with a much-needed boost as its sales figures in other regions have been lackluster.
A key Chinese Tesla Inc. TSLA competitor in the EV space is seeing a surge in its Momentum score in Benzinga’s Edge Stock Ranking, with big gains in just over a week. Surge In Momentum ScoresIn Benzinga's Edge Stock Rankings, stocks are ranked as a percentile based on Quality, Value, Growth and Momentum. Growing Optimism In China’s Tech And EV SectorsThe stock in question is automaker Nio Inc. NIO, which witnessed a surge in Momentum from 46.79 to 86.08 within the span of a week. The stock is up 13.46% over the past month, and 51.87% year-to-date, primarily driven by the resurgence in optimism surrounding China’s tech and EV sectors. According to Benzinga’s Edge Stock Rankings, the stock scores well on Momentum, but does poorly on Growth, with a favorable price trend in the short, medium and long terms.
Perhaps management at Lucid Group (LCID -0.65%) was right the entire time: Electric pickups just aren't going to be a winner in the near term. Musk also predicted the pickup truck would sell between 250,000 and 500,000 units. Why is the EV truck segment so different from the gasoline segment? That gives full-size trucks margins that are unprecedented in the automotive industry, and have powered profits in Detroit for decades. But when it comes to EV trucks, the largest cost component is typically the battery, and those weigh down margins significantly.
Tesla Inc. TSLA has urged shareholders to vote in favor of the recommendations laid down by the Board of Directors, including the new compensation package for CEO Elon Musk, ahead of November's annual shareholder meeting. Tesla Urges Shareholders To VoteIn a post shared on the social media platform X on Monday, the company urged its shareholders and investors to vote in support of the Board. "We are asking shareholders to vote with our Board's recommendations on *all* proposals," the company said and added guidance on how they can vote during the process. Robyn Denholm Hails Musk, Wartime CEO ModeMeanwhile, Robyn Denholm, Chair of the Tesla Board of Directors, recently issued a statement to shareholders of the company calling Musk a "once-in-a-generation visionary" and reiterating her support for Musk's role as the CEO of the company. Elsewhere, Wedbush Securities' Tesla Bull Dan Ives recently said that AI and Robotics presented a $1 trillion opportunity for Tesla, which was boosted by Musk being in his "Wartime CEO" mode, according to the investor.
Artificial intelligence (AI) may be the hottest investment theme on the planet right now -- and for good reason. And the good news is with just one purchase, you can gain exposure to all three and many more exciting AI companies. This is through the purchase of an exchange-traded fund (ETF) that invests in AI stocks. Let's take a look at this ETF you can buy with $100 (or less) right now. The Ives ETF launched in June and since has climbed more than 25% as investors continue to pile into the AI theme.
Tesla Inc.‘s TSLA Chinese customers have reportedly sued the company over allegedly failing to deliver FSD or Full Self-Driving features that the customers paid for. Customers demand that Tesla refund the FSD fee it charged, as well as pay over triple in damages. One of the plaintiffs alleges they purchased the FSD feature in 2020, citing their need for long-distance travel, paying 56,000 RMB (approximately $7,800) for the feature. Tesla's Other FSD LawsuitsThe news comes as Tesla is also facing lawsuits over the FSD system in the U.S. Recently, customers in California filed a class action lawsuit against the EV giant for allegedly making misleading claims about the FSD system's capabilities.
Officials from NHTSA and the California State Transport Agency were reportedly alarmed by Tesla Inc.'s TSLA ride-hailing expansion in the San Francisco Bay Area. Emails exchanged between officials and Tesla employees showcased that the regulators asked about Tesla's plans to quell misconceptions about its Bay Area operations. Meanwhile, Tesla has obtained the permit to conduct testing operations in Arizona, with state officials confirming that the EV giant will conduct testing operations within the Phoenix metropolitan area. Tesla also posted a job listing on its official website, outlining its search for safety operators to help conduct its Robotaxi’s testing operations in NYC. The SEC filing for Musk's pay package also included a definition for the FSD system.
“To me, it’s really like when I look out into the future between bots, robotic, you need human proof. This is really like an AI meets crypto intersection. However, this approach has led to personal data privacy concerns. According to Benzinga's Edge Stock Rankings, the stock was in a downward trend over the short, medium and long term. Loading... Loading...Read Next:Disclaimer: This content was partially produced with the help of Benzinga Neuro and was reviewed and published by Benzinga editors.
A few days ago, Gurley joined a discussion on X (formerly Twitter) to push back against the claim that Tesla's valuation is a bubble waiting to burst. As Gurley notes, what makes Tesla's valuation so elusive is the company's "optionality" embedded in its broader ambitions. By highlighting Tesla's optionality, Gurley is drawing a parallel to the kind of platform potential that underpinned his success with Uber. The comparison is striking, given that Tesla and Uber can currently be viewed as fierce rivals in the mobility market. In my view, investing in Tesla stock today boils down to your personal alignment with the very narrative that Gurley points out.
A Tesla owner in Ontario, Canada, let his daughter borrow his Model Y for her G driver's license test, as reported by CBC. The Model Y has the option to use regenerative braking, an ability to stop without the driver using the brake pedal. The testing instructor from Drive Test Ontario marked the test as the Model Y vehicle being "out of order." The father said his son offered to disable the regenerative braking multiple times, but was told it was not necessary. Keefer later took his road test at a different location and passed without disabling the regenerative braking.
In brief Researchers found that the Unitree G1 robot sends audio, video, and spatial data without notifying users. But the Unitree G1, a squat four-foot-tall robot from Unitree Robotics, a Chinese manufacturer better known for its quadruped “robot dogs,” is quietly becoming the workhorse of a different revolution: affordable humanoids. The robot’s data protection scheme relied on a proprietary encryption protocol called FMX, which used static, hardcoded keys rather than randomized ones. Earlier this year, researchers discovered an undocumented remote-access backdoor in its Go1 robot dog that granted third parties access to camera feeds and controls. A single vulnerable robot may be an oddity; thousands, each with cameras, microphones, and actuators, become a systemic risk.
This one-of-a-kind episode plays like a curated mixtape of big ideas from the new Rule Breaker Investing took. Rule Breaker Investing. This special edition, I'm going to call Rule Breaker Investing highlight reel, only in this week's Rule Breaker Investing. It's a highlight reel of Rule Breaker Investing. Since this is a highlight reel episode of the podcast Rule Breaker Investing, we won't go deeper into SNAP COLA for now, but key phrase.
Tesla TSLA is pushing toward record third-quarter deliveries while sharpening its focus on artificial intelligence and autonomy despite rising competition from Chinese EV makers. The analyst said Chinese automakers pose Tesla's most significant competitive threat with vertically integrated operations, low-cost models, fast over-the-air updates, and strong range. However, when it comes to "real-world AI," he emphasized that Chinese companies look to Tesla for leadership. However, he expressed less certainty about 2026, when Tesla aims for 1.9 million units, including 350,000 of its upcoming "Model 2." Potter acknowledged risks including production delays, supply chain issues, and political headwinds, but he stressed that Tesla's AI initiatives—especially FSD—are improving rapidly.
Tesla TSLA has outperformed the market over the past 10 years by 25.52% on an annualized basis producing an average annual return of 38.95%. Currently, Tesla has a market capitalization of $1.47 trillion. Buying $100 In TSLA: If an investor had bought $100 of TSLA stock 10 years ago, it would be worth $2,664.06 today based on a price of $441.22 for TSLA at the time of writing. Tesla's Performance Over Last 10 YearsFinally -- what's the point of all this? This article was generated by Benzinga's automated content engine and reviewed by an editor.
Tom Slater is a partner and investment manager at Edinburgh-based investment firm Baillie Gifford. Mac Greer: That was Tom Slater, head of US equities at Baillie Gifford. This week, Motley Fool Chief Investment Officer Andy Cross talks with Tom Slater about finding long term winners and navigating short term volatility. We don't don't think tinkering around the edges of indices adds much value for investors at all. Andy Cross: Tom Slater from Baillie Gifford and Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust, thank you so much for joining us today here at The Motley Fool.
Investment bank Piper Sandler has updated its Tesla Inc. TSLA price target to $500 following a visit to China, where it met officials from Li Auto Inc. LI, Stellantis NV STLA, owned Leapmotor and more. The firm added that the OEMs have "arguably matched/surpassed" Tesla in terms of manufacturing, but look towards the EV giant for guidance on "real world A.I." The bank also reported that a company it spoke to said that "without Tesla going from 0 to 1, we can't go 1 to 100." The price target implies a potential 16% gain from current levels. However, despite Tesla surpassing analyst delivery estimates, Black cautioned the share price surge, which coincided with Musk's $1 billion stock purchase.
Tesla Inc. TSLA has updated its website, illustrating that customers can still avail the IRA Federal EV credit even if they take delivery of the car beyond the September 30 deadline. Tesla Confirms Updated IRS TermsThe company updated the wording on its website on Sunday, which now confirms that customers can avail the credit even if they order their vehicles by September 30. Source: TeslaThe website suggests that customers leasing their vehicles would still need to take delivery on or prior to the September 30 deadline to qualify for the $7,500 EV credit. Source: TeslaIRS Updates EV Credit TermsThe news comes as the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced a series of revisions to its terms about the Federal EV credit. The updated terms now stipulate that customers can take delivery of the vehicles after the September 30 deadline and still avail the incentive as long as they "sign a binding purchase contract and issue a payment."
Investor Warren Buffett's company Berkshire Hathaway has exited its entire position in BYD Co. Ltd. BYDDY BYDDF three years after it began offloading the Tesla Inc. TSLA rival's stock. A spokesperson for Berkshire Hathaway also corroborated the filing, the report said. The company had bought BYD 17 years ago, in 2009, following an urge by Berkshire Hathaway's former Vice Chairman, Charlie Munger. BYD's Domestic Decline, Profit DropThe news comes as BYD recently slashed its annual sales target by 16% to 4.6 million units, down from an earlier target of 5.5 million units in 2025. BYD is also eyeing a renewed push into the Indian market following easing tensions between New Delhi and Beijing.
Tesla trades at a steep premium to Rivian and Lucid GroupThe biggest risk facing Tesla right now is the stock's premium valuation. This year, analysts expect Tesla's sales to fall by around 5%. Next year, analysts do expect positive growth to return for Tesla, with 20% sales growth expected. But Lucid and Rivian are still expected to see higher sales growth than Tesla, with 93% and 33% expected sales growth, respectively. Dan Ives, an analyst at Wedbush Securities, believes it could soon add $1 trillion to Tesla's market cap.
Investment firm Gerber Kawasaki's co-founder Ross Gerber has criticized Tesla Inc.'s TSLA Full Self-Driving (FSD) system over what the investor terms as a lack of safety. FSD Doesn't Work, Says Ross GerberQuoting a post on the social media platform X on Sunday by influencer Bearded Tesla, who was attempting to drive approximately 2,500 miles from San Diego to Jacksonville, Florida, with a Model Y Juniper on FSD, Gerber criticized the technology. The investor added that the FSD system does not work, lacking "the level of safety necessary to actually be called FSD.” Gerber also said that the EV giant would not be paying for repairing the damage sustained by the car. Elsewhere, Tesla was criticized by The Dawn Project‘s founder, Dan O’Dowd, who slammed the company for redacting Robotaxi crash reports submitted to the NHTSA. Tesla scores well on Momentum and Growth metrics, while offering satisfactory Quality, but poor Value.
Berkshire Hathaway , the investment firm controlled by US billionaire investor Warren Buffett , has liquidated its holdings in Chinese electric vehicle (EV) maker BYD, closing out a 17-year investment run that generated a more than 30-fold increase for the leading investment conglomerate. AdvertisementThe latest quarterly report from Berkshire Hathaway Energy, the subsidiary that directly held Hong Kong-listed shares of the Chinese EV maker, indicated a zero position in BYD, confirming a full exit after a series of stake reductions since 2022. The divestment came as China’s EV industry grapples with slowing sales and shrinking profits amid oversupply concerns, issues highlighted by the US and the European Union for flooding their markets with cheaper products. The EV industry has been the target of China’s anti-involution campaign, which aims to curb harmful competition by cutting excessive capacity. EV sales in China rose by 27 per cent in August year on year, slowing from 40 per cent growth in the first half.
President Donald Trump and billionaire Tesla Inc. TSLA and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk met for the first time in months at conservative political commentator Charlie Kirk's memorial in Glendale, Arizona, leading to speculation of a possible reconciliation. Elon Musk Meets Donald TrumpThe pair reunited at Kirk's memorial service held at the State Farm Stadium in Glendale on Sunday. Trump and Musk can be seen shaking hands and engaging in conversation as well as exchanging smiles, as seen in the video shared by Fox News. Musk and Trump had a public falling out, where the former attacked Trump over his alleged close ties with sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, among other things. Most notably, Vance had recently shared he was hopeful that Musk would make his return to the camp.
Today, Tesla stock is priced above $420. Using that trick, it's become possible to identify one EV stock about to reach a critical growth catalyst in 2026. Today, more than 90% of Tesla's car sales comprise just two affordable models: the Model Y and Model 3. Look for companies that are about to release affordable models to the masses. Rivian is about to repeat Tesla's biggest growth catalystWhen it comes to following Tesla's playbook for growth, no company is as close as Rivian (RIVN 1.90%).
Three ambitious bets beyond cars -- robotaxi, robotics, and energy -- could unlock far more value at Tesla than many investors are modeling. Robotaxi could turn cars into a software platformPerhaps the biggest unlock for the stock is a paid autonomous ride-sharing service. In June, Tesla launched its first robotaxi service in Austin -- a move management says is pivotal in the company's transition into an AI, robotics, and services company. It calls the service Robotaxi. Energy is already contributing substantial profitsUnlike robotaxi and robotics, energy is delivering today.
Earlier this decade, Chinese electric vehicle (EV) maker BYD (BYDDY) (BYDD.F -2.85%) was facing a problem. So in 2022, BYD decided to create its own fleet of huge roll-on, roll-off cargo ships to transport its vehicles overseas. Getting its vehicles to those regions, of course, requires ocean shipping, so that do-it-yourself strategy plays nicely into BYD's vaulting overseas ambition. For the first half of this year, it managed to more than double its overseas sales; this came in at a total of 464,266 units. Still, even with that, the company's results are impressive and clearly show its proprietary shipping strategy is working.
Despite losing market share to loss-making rivals, this EV company remains the best positioned to win out over the long term. Its EV sales have declined, as have its profit margins and its share of a market it almost single-handedly established. Still, Tesla remains the best-positioned company in the EV automaker landscape. Two reasons why Tesla is the pick of the EV sectorThere are two key differences between the internal combustion engine (ICE) and EV markets. On top of that, Tesla's robotaxi concept in general (including dedicated Cybercab vehicles) offers a massive opportunity to generate revenue sharing from robotaxi rides.
